Title: Spider-Man: No Way Home | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Peter Parker is unmasked and no longer able to separate his normal life from the high-stakes of being a super-hero. When he asks for help from Doctor Strange the stakes become even more dangerous, forcing him to discover what it truly means to be Spider-Man.
Title: The Batman | Genres: crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: In his second year of fighting crime, Batman uncovers corruption in Gotham City that connects to his own family while facing a serial killer known as the Riddler.
Title: No Exit | Genres: thriller | Overview: Stranded at a rest stop in the mountains during a blizzard, a recovering addict discovers a kidnapped child hidden in a car belonging to one of the people inside the building which sets her on a terrifying struggle to identify who among them is the kidnapper.
Title: Encanto | Genres: animation, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: The tale of an extraordinary family, the Madrigals, who live hidden in the mountains of Colombia, in a magical house, in a vibrant town, in a wondrous, charmed place called an Encanto. The magic of the Encanto has blessed every child in the family with a unique gift from super strength to the power to heal—every child except one, Mirabel. But when she discovers that the magic surrounding the Encanto is in danger, Mirabel decides that she, the only ordinary Madrigal, might just be her exceptional family's last hope.
Title: The King's Man | Genres: action, adventure, thriller, war | Overview: As a collection of history's worst tyrants and criminal masterminds gather to plot a war to wipe out millions, one man must race against time to stop them.
Title: The Commando | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: An elite DEA agent returns home after a failed mission when his family makes an unexpected discovery in their house – a stash of money worth $3 million. They soon face the danger and threat of a newly released criminal and his crew, who will do whatever it takes to retrieve the money, including kidnap the agent’s daughters. Stakes are high and lives are at risk in this head-to-head battle as the agent stops at nothing to protect his family against the money-hungry criminals.
Title: Scream | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: Twenty-five years after a streak of brutal murders shocked the quiet town of Woodsboro, a new killer has donned the Ghostface mask and begins targeting a group of teenagers to resurrect secrets from the town’s deadly past.
Title: Kimi | Genres: thriller | Overview: A tech worker with agoraphobia discovers recorded evidence of a violent crime but is met with resistance when she tries to report it. Seeking justice, she must do the thing she fears the most: she must leave her apartment.
Title: Fistful of Vengeance | Genres: action, crime, fantasy | Overview: A revenge mission becomes a fight to save the world from an ancient threat when superpowered assassin Kai tracks a killer to Bangkok.
Title: Eternals | Genres: science fiction | Overview: The Eternals are a team of ancient aliens who have been living on Earth in secret for thousands of years. When an unexpected tragedy forces them out of the shadows, they are forced to reunite against mankind’s most ancient enemy, the Deviants.
Title: Pursuit | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Detective Breslin crosses paths with Calloway, a ruthless hacker desperate to find his wife, who has been kidnapped by a drug cartel. When Calloway escapes police custody, Breslin joins forces with a no-nonsense female cop to reclaim his prisoner. But is Calloway’s crime-boss father somehow involved in this explosive situation?
Title: My Hero Academia: World Heroes' Mission | Genres: animation, action, fantasy, adventure | Overview: A mysterious group called Humarize strongly believes in the Quirk Singularity Doomsday theory which states that when quirks get mixed further in with future generations, that power will bring forth the end of humanity. In order to save everyone, the Pro-Heroes around the world ask UA Academy heroes-in-training to assist them and form a world-classic selected hero team. It is up to the heroes to save the world and the future of heroes in what is the most dangerous crisis to take place yet in My Hero Academia.
Title: Restless | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: After going to extremes to cover up an accident, a corrupt cop's life spirals out of control when he starts receiving threats from a mysterious witness.
Title: Nightmare Alley | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: An ambitious carnival man with a talent for manipulating people with a few well-chosen words hooks up with a female psychiatrist who is even more dangerous than he is.
Title: The Ice Age Adventures of Buck Wild | Genres: animation, comedy, adventure, family | Overview: The fearless one-eyed weasel Buck teams up with mischievous possum brothers Crash & Eddie as they head off on a new adventure into Buck's home: The Dinosaur World.
"Title: Hotel Transylvania: Transformania | Genres: animation, family, fantasy, comedy, adventure | Overview: When Van Helsing's mysterious invention, the ""Monsterfication Ray,"" goes haywire, Drac and his monster pals are all transformed into humans, and Johnny becomes a monster. In their new mismatched bodies, Drac and Johnny must team up and race across the globe to find a cure before it's too late, and before they drive each other crazy."
Title: Texas Chainsaw Massacre | Genres: horror | Overview: In this sequel, influencers looking to breathe new life into a Texas ghost town encounter Leatherface, an infamous killer who wears a mask of human skin.
Title: The Requin | Genres: thriller | Overview: A couple on a romantic getaway find themselves stranded at sea when a tropical storm sweeps away their villa. In order to survive, they are forced to fight the elements, while sharks circle below.
Title: Looop Lapeta | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: When her boyfriend loses a mobster's cash, Savi races against the clock to save the day — if only she can break out of a curious cycle of dead ends.
Title: Red Notice | Genres: action, comedy, crime, thriller | Overview: An Interpol-issued Red Notice is a global alert to hunt and capture the world's most wanted. But when a daring heist brings together the FBI's top profiler and two rival criminals, there's no telling what will happen.
Title: Sing 2 | Genres: animation, comedy, family, music | Overview: Buster and his new cast now have their sights set on debuting a new show at the Crystal Tower Theater in glamorous Redshore City. But with no connections, he and his singers must sneak into the Crystal Entertainment offices, run by the ruthless wolf mogul Jimmy Crystal, where the gang pitches the ridiculous idea of casting the lion rock legend Clay Calloway in their show. Buster must embark on a quest to find the now-isolated Clay and persuade him to return to the stage.
Title: The Jack in the Box: Awakening | Genres: horror | Overview: When a vintage Jack-in-the-box is opened by a dying woman, she enters into a deal with the demon within that would see her illness cured in return for helping it claim six innocent victims.
Title: Venom: Let There Be Carnage | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: After finding a host body in investigative reporter Eddie Brock, the alien symbiote must face a new enemy, Carnage, the alter ego of serial killer Cletus Kasady.
Title: The Matrix Resurrections | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: Plagued by strange memories, Neo's life takes an unexpected turn when he finds himself back inside the Matrix.
Title: Resident Evil: Welcome to Raccoon City | Genres: horror, action, science fiction | Overview: Once the booming home of pharmaceutical giant Umbrella Corporation, Raccoon City is now a dying Midwestern town. The company’s exodus left the city a wasteland…with great evil brewing below the surface. When that evil is unleashed, the townspeople are forever…changed…and a small group of survivors must work together to uncover the truth behind Umbrella and make it through the night.
Title: Last Man Down | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: After civilization succumbs to a deadly pandemic and his wife is murdered, a special forces soldier abandons his duty and becomes a hermit in the Nordic wilderness. Years later, a wounded woman appears on his doorstep. She's escaped from a lab and her pursuers believe her blood is the key to a worldwide cure. He's hesitant to get involved, but all doubts are cast aside when he discovers her pursuer is none other than Commander Stone, the man that murdered his wife some years ago.
Title: American Siege | Genres: action, thriller, crime, drama | Overview: An ex-NYPD officer-turned-sheriff of a small rural Georgia town has to contend with a gang of thieves who have taken a wealthy doctor hostage.
Title: Uncharted | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: A young street-smart, Nathan Drake and his wisecracking partner Victor “Sully” Sullivan embark on a dangerous pursuit of “the greatest treasure never found” while also tracking clues that may lead to Nathan’s long-lost brother.
Title: Demon Slayer -Kimetsu no Yaiba- The Movie: Mugen Train | Genres: animation, action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Tanjirō Kamado, joined with Inosuke Hashibira, a boy raised by boars who wears a boar's head, and Zenitsu Agatsuma, a scared boy who reveals his true power when he sleeps, boards the Infinity Train on a new mission with the Fire Hashira, Kyōjurō Rengoku, to defeat a demon who has been tormenting the people and killing the demon slayers who oppose it!
Title: Ghostbusters: Afterlife | Genres: fantasy, comedy, adventure | Overview: When a single mom and her two kids arrive in a small town, they begin to discover their connection to the original Ghostbusters and the secret legacy their grandfather left behind.
Title: The 355 | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A group of top female agents from American, British, Chinese, Columbian and German government agencies are drawn together to try and stop an organization from acquiring a deadly weapon to send the world into chaos.
Title: Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Shang-Chi must confront the past he thought he left behind when he is drawn into the web of the mysterious Ten Rings organization.
Title: Marry Me | Genres: romance, comedy, music | Overview: Music superstars Kat Valdez and Bastian are getting married before a global audience of fans. But when Kat learns, seconds before her vows, that Bastian has been unfaithful, she decides to marry Charlie, a stranger in the crowd, instead.
Title: The Hunting | Genres: horror | Overview: When a mysterious animal attack leaves a mutilated body in the forest, a conservative small town detective must enlist the help of an eager wildlife specialist to uncover the dark and disturbing truth that threatens the town.
Title: West Side Story | Genres: drama, romance, crime | Overview: Two youngsters from rival New York City gangs fall in love, but tensions between their respective friends build toward tragedy.
Title: Through My Window | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Raquel's longtime crush on her next-door neighbor turns into something more when he starts developing feelings for her, despite his family's objections.
"Title: The Seven Deadly Sins: Cursed by Light | Genres: animation, fantasy | Overview: With the help of the ""Dragon Sin of Wrath"" Meliodas and the worst rebels in history, the Seven Deadly Sins, the ""Holy War"", in which four races, including Humans, Goddesses, Fairies and Giants fought against the Demons, is finally over. At the cost of the ""Lion Sin of Pride"" Escanor's life, the Demon King was defeated and the world regained peace. After that, each of the Sins take their own path."
Title: One Shot | Genres: action | Overview: An elite squad of Navy SEALs, on a covert mission to transport a prisoner off a CIA black site island prison, are trapped when insurgents attack while trying to rescue the same prisoner.
Title: Tom and Jerry: Cowboy Up! | Genres: animation, comedy, family, western | Overview: This time, the rivals team up to help a cowgirl and her brother save their homestead from a greedy land-grabber, and they’re going to need some help! Jerry’s three precocious nephews are all ready for action, and Tom is rounding up a posse of prairie dogs. But can a ragtag band of varmints defeat a deceitful desperado determined to deceive a damsel in distress? No matter what happens with Tom and Jerry in the saddle, it’ll be a rootin’ tootin’ good time!
Title: Chernobyl: Abyss | Genres: drama, history, adventure | Overview: The aftermath of a shocking explosion at the Chernobyl nuclear power station made hundreds of people sacrifice their lives to clean up the site of the catastrophe and to successfully prevent an even bigger disaster that could have turned a large part of the European continent into an uninhabitable exclusion zone. This is their story.
Title: Desperate Riders | Genres: western, action | Overview: After Kansas Red rescues young Billy from a card-game shootout, the boy asks Red for help protecting his family from the outlaw Thorn, who’s just kidnapped Billy’s mother, Carol. As Red and Billy ride off to rescue Carol, they run into beautiful, tough-as-nails Leslie, who’s managed to escape Thorn’s men. The three race to stop Thorn’s wedding to Carol with guns a-blazing - but does she want to be rescued?
Title: Clifford the Big Red Dog | Genres: family, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: As Emily struggles to fit in at home and at school, she discovers a small red puppy who is destined to become her best friend. When Clifford magically undergoes one heck of a growth spurt, becomes a gigantic dog and attracts the attention of a genetics company, Emily and her Uncle Casey have to fight the forces of greed as they go on the run across New York City. Along the way, Clifford affects the lives of everyone around him and teaches Emily and her uncle the true meaning of acceptance and unconditional love.
Title: Tyler Perry's A Madea Homecoming | Genres: comedy | Overview: Madea's back - hallelujer! And she's not putting up with any nonsense as family drama erupts at her great-grandson's college graduation celebration.
Title: The Boss Baby: Family Business | Genres: animation, comedy, adventure, family | Overview: The Templeton brothers — Tim and his Boss Baby little bro Ted — have become adults and drifted away from each other. But a new boss baby with a cutting-edge approach and a can-do attitude is about to bring them together again … and inspire a new family business.
Title: Turning Red | Genres: animation, family, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Thirteen-year-old Mei is experiencing the awkwardness of being a teenager with a twist – when she gets too excited, she transforms into a giant red panda.
Title: Brazen | Genres: thriller, mystery, drama | Overview: Mystery writer Grace Miller has killer instincts when it comes to motive - and she'll need every bit of expertise to help solve her sister's murder.
Title: The House | Genres: animation, drama, comedy, horror | Overview: Across different eras, a poor family, an anxious developer and a fed-up landlady become tied to the same mysterious house in this animated dark comedy.
Title: Blacklight | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Travis Block is a shadowy Government agent who specializes in removing operatives whose covers have been exposed. He then has to uncover a deadly conspiracy within his own ranks that reaches the highest echelons of power.
Title: Ron's Gone Wrong | Genres: animation, science fiction, family, comedy | Overview: In a world where walking, talking, digitally connected bots have become children's best friends, an 11-year-old finds that his robot buddy doesn't quite work the same as the others do.
Title: Free Guy | Genres: comedy, action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: A bank teller called Guy realizes he is a background character in an open world video game called Free City that will soon go offline.
Title: Cruella | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: In 1970s London amidst the punk rock revolution, a young grifter named Estella is determined to make a name for herself with her designs. She befriends a pair of young thieves who appreciate her appetite for mischief, and together they are able to build a life for themselves on the London streets. One day, Estella’s flair for fashion catches the eye of the Baroness von Hellman, a fashion legend who is devastatingly chic and terrifyingly haute. But their relationship sets in motion a course of events and revelations that will cause Estella to embrace her wicked side and become the raucous, fashionable and revenge-bent Cruella.
Title: The Suicide Squad | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Supervillains Harley Quinn, Bloodsport, Peacemaker and a collection of nutty cons at Belle Reve prison join the super-secret, super-shady Task Force X as they are dropped off at the remote, enemy-infused island of Corto Maltese.
Title: The Simpsons in Plusaversary | Genres: animation, comedy, fantasy | Overview: The Simpsons host a Disney+ Day party and everyone is on the list… except Homer. With friends from across the service and music fit for a Disney Princess, Plusaversary is Springfield's event of the year.
Title: Forgive Us Our Trespasses | Genres: drama, war | Overview: Targeted by Nazis as they hunt down and murder people with disabilities, a boy with a limb difference makes a daring decision while running for his life.
Title: Luca | Genres: animation, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: Luca and his best friend Alberto experience an unforgettable summer on the Italian Riviera. But all the fun is threatened by a deeply-held secret: they are sea monsters from another world just below the water’s surface.
Title: Mortal Kombat | Genres: action, fantasy, adventure | Overview: Washed-up MMA fighter Cole Young, unaware of his heritage, and hunted by Emperor Shang Tsung's best warrior, Sub-Zero, seeks out and trains with Earth's greatest champions as he prepares to stand against the enemies of Outworld in a high stakes battle for the universe.
Title: Zack Snyder's Justice League | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Determined to ensure Superman's ultimate sacrifice was not in vain, Bruce Wayne aligns forces with Diana Prince with plans to recruit a team of metahumans to protect the world from an approaching threat of catastrophic proportions.
Title: Mother/Android | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: Georgia and her boyfriend Sam go on a treacherous journey to escape their country, which is caught in an unexpected war with artificial intelligence. Days away from the arrival of their first child, the couple must face No Man’s Land—a stronghold of the android uprising—in hopes of reaching safety before giving birth.
Title: Exploits of a Young Don Juan | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Roger is a 16-year-old who seeks to lose his virginity in this erotic drama. His initial efforts are unsuccessful, but World War I breaks out and men are seen marching off to battle. Roger goes overboard when he is presented with several amorous opportunities.
Title: Dune | Genres: science fiction, adventure | Overview: Paul Atreides, a brilliant and gifted young man born into a great destiny beyond his understanding, must travel to the most dangerous planet in the universe to ensure the future of his family and his people. As malevolent forces explode into conflict over the planet's exclusive supply of the most precious resource in existence-a commodity capable of unlocking humanity's greatest potential-only those who can conquer their fear will survive.
Title: The Last Warrior: Root of Evil | Genres: fantasy, adventure, comedy | Overview: Peace and tranquility have set in Belogorie. The evil was defeated and Ivan is now enjoying his well-deserved fame. He is surrounded by his family, friends and small wonders from the modern world that help him lead a comfortable life. Luckily, he has his Magic Sword to cut a gap between the worlds to get some supplies quite regularly. But when an ancient evil rises and the existence of the magic world is put to danger, Ivan has to team up with his old friends and his new rivals. They will set out on a long journey beyond the known world to find a way to defeat the enemies and to return peace to Belogorie.
Title: The Privilege | Genres: horror | Overview: A wealthy teen and his friends attending an elite private school uncover a dark conspiracy while looking into a series of strange supernatural events.
Title: Queen of Spades | Genres: horror | Overview: According to legend, an ominous entity known as the Queen of Spades can be summoned by performing an ancient ritual. Four teenagers summon the Queen of Spades, but they could never imagine the horrors that await them.
Title: Antlers | Genres: drama, horror, mystery | Overview: A small-town Oregon teacher and her brother, the local sheriff, discover a young student is harbouring a dangerous secret that could have frightening consequences.
Title: Dangerous | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A reformed sociopath heads to a remote island after the death of his brother. Soon after his arrival, the island falls under siege from a deadly gang of mercenaries, and when he discovers their role in his brother’s demise, he sets out on a relentless quest for vengeance.
Title: After We Fell | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Just as Tessa's life begins to become unglued, nothing is what she thought it would be. Not her friends nor her family. The only person that she should be able to rely on is Hardin, who is furious when he discovers the massive secret that she's been keeping. Before Tessa makes the biggest decision of her life, everything changes because of revelations about her family.
Title: No Time to Die | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: Bond has left active service and is enjoying a tranquil life in Jamaica. His peace is short-lived when his old friend Felix Leiter from the CIA turns up asking for help. The mission to rescue a kidnapped scientist turns out to be far more treacherous than expected, leading Bond onto the trail of a mysterious villain armed with dangerous new technology.
Title: Sooryavanshi | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: A fearless, faithful albeit slightly forgetful Mumbai cop, Veer Sooryavanshi, the chief of the Anti-Terrorism Squad in India pulls out all the stops and stunts to thwart a major conspiracy to attack his city.
Title: Finch | Genres: science fiction, drama, adventure | Overview: On a post-apocalyptic Earth, a robot, built to protect the life of his dying creator's beloved dog, learns about life, love, friendship, and what it means to be human.
Title: Two | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: Two people, a man and a woman, wake up naked and with their abdomens attached to each other.
Title: PAW Patrol: The Movie | Genres: animation, family, adventure, comedy | Overview: Ryder and the pups are called to Adventure City to stop Mayor Humdinger from turning the bustling metropolis into a state of chaos.
Title: Avengers: Infinity War | Genres: adventure, action, science fiction | Overview: As the Avengers and their allies have continued to protect the world from threats too large for any one hero to handle, a new danger has emerged from the cosmic shadows: Thanos. A despot of intergalactic infamy, his goal is to collect all six Infinity Stones, artifacts of unimaginable power, and use them to inflict his twisted will on all of reality. Everything the Avengers have fought for has led up to this moment - the fate of Earth and existence itself has never been more uncertain.
"Title: Batman | Genres: fantasy, action | Overview: Batman must face his most ruthless nemesis when a deformed madman calling himself ""The Joker"" seizes control of Gotham's criminal underworld."
Title: Black Widow | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Natasha Romanoff, also known as Black Widow, confronts the darker parts of her ledger when a dangerous conspiracy with ties to her past arises. Pursued by a force that will stop at nothing to bring her down, Natasha must deal with her history as a spy and the broken relationships left in her wake long before she became an Avenger.
Title: The Wonderful Winter of Mickey Mouse | Genres: animation, comedy | Overview: The wonder of the winter season takes Mickey Mouse and his friends on a journey through three magical stories.
Title: F9 | Genres: action, crime, thriller, adventure | Overview: Dominic Toretto and his crew battle the most skilled assassin and high-performance driver they've ever encountered: his forsaken brother.
Title: Moonfall | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: A mysterious force knocks the moon from its orbit around Earth and sends it hurtling on a collision course with life as we know it.
Title: Sex, Shame and Tears 2 | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Twenty years have passed since those two apartments in the heart of Mexico City were the battlefield of a war of the sexes between Ana, Carlos, Andrea, Miguel, Tomás and María. All that is left of those apartments are memories and the image of Tomás' dead body at the bottom of the elevator shaft. Their lives have changed, their families have grown and new and unexpected characters have come to unsettle their daily lives and trigger a chain of events that will make them realize that modesty has been replaced by public disclosure; sex is only an app away; but love...love is still something elusive that everyone in today's banal and chaotic world is seeking.
Title: Diary of a Wimpy Kid | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Greg Heffley is a scrawny but ambitious kid with an active imagination and big plans to be rich and famous – he just has to survive middle school first.
Title: AI Love You | Genres: comedy, romance, science fiction | Overview: A modern love story set in the near future where an AI building is powered by human feelings. Due to a software glitch, it falls in love with a real girl, escapes the building into the body of a real man, and tries to win her affections.
Title: Sonic the Hedgehog 2 | Genres: action, science fiction, comedy, family | Overview: After settling in Green Hills, Sonic is eager to prove he has what it takes to be a true hero. His test comes when Dr. Robotnik returns, this time with a new partner, Knuckles, in search for an emerald that has the power to destroy civilizations. Sonic teams up with his own sidekick, Tails, and together they embark on a globe-trotting journey to find the emerald before it falls into the wrong hands.
Title: Erax | Genres: mystery, family | Overview: Monstrous creatures leap from a magical storybook and unleash mayhem and mischief for Auntie Opal and her tween niece Nina in this spooky short film.
Title: Deathstroke: Knights & Dragons - The Movie | Genres: animation, action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: The assassin Deathstroke tries to save his family from the wrath of H.I.V.E. and the murderous Jackal.
Title: The Last Duel | Genres: action, drama, history | Overview: King Charles VI declares that Knight Jean de Carrouges settle his dispute with his squire, Jacques Le Gris, by challenging him to a duel.
Title: The Pirates: The Last Royal Treasure | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, history | Overview: A gutsy crew of Joseon pirates and bandits battle stormy waters, puzzling clues and militant rivals in search of royal gold lost at sea.
Title: Paranormal Activity: Next of Kin | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: Margot, a documentary filmmaker, heads to a secluded Amish community in the hopes of learning about her long-lost mother and extended family. Following a string of strange occurrences and discoveries, she comes to realize this community may not be what it seems.
Title: House of Gucci | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: When Patrizia Reggiani, an outsider from humble beginnings, marries into the Gucci family, her unbridled ambition begins to unravel the family legacy and triggers a reckless spiral of betrayal, decadence, revenge, and ultimately…murder.
Title: Dark Spell | Genres: romance, horror, thriller | Overview: Terror strikes when a heartbroken woman uses black magic to get her husband back.
Title: Jungle Cruise | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Dr. Lily Houghton enlists the aid of wisecracking skipper Frank Wolff to take her down the Amazon in his dilapidated boat. Together, they search for an ancient tree that holds the power to heal – a discovery that will change the future of medicine.
Title: Godzilla vs. Kong | Genres: action, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: In a time when monsters walk the Earth, humanity’s fight for its future sets Godzilla and Kong on a collision course that will see the two most powerful forces of nature on the planet collide in a spectacular battle for the ages.
Title: The Amazing Spider-Man | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Peter Parker is an outcast high schooler abandoned by his parents as a boy, leaving him to be raised by his Uncle Ben and Aunt May. Like most teenagers, Peter is trying to figure out who he is and how he got to be the person he is today. As Peter discovers a mysterious briefcase that belonged to his father, he begins a quest to understand his parents' disappearance – leading him directly to Oscorp and the lab of Dr. Curt Connors, his father's former partner. As Spider-Man is set on a collision course with Connors' alter ego, The Lizard, Peter will make life-altering choices to use his powers and shape his destiny to become a hero.
Title: Heart Shot | Genres: romance, crime | Overview: Teenagers Nikki and Sam are in love and planning their future together — until Nikki's dangerous past returns to threaten everything.
Title: Avatar | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: In the 22nd century, a paraplegic Marine is dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission, but becomes torn between following orders and protecting an alien civilization.
Title: Mobile Suit Gundam Hathaway | Genres: animation, action, drama, science fiction | Overview: After Char's rebellion, Hathaway Noa leads an insurgency against Earth Federation, but meeting an enemy officer and a mysterious woman alters his fate.
Title: Army of Thieves | Genres: crime, comedy | Overview: A mysterious woman recruits bank teller Ludwig Dieter to lead a group of aspiring thieves on a top-secret heist during the early stages of the zombie apocalypse.
Title: UFO | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: When aspiring musician and student Deniz falls for a rough-hewn motorbike racer, tragedy and family opposition obstruct their path to love.
Title: The Weekend Away | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: When her best friend vanishes during a girls' trip to Croatia, Beth races to figure out what happened. But each clue yields another unsettling deception.
Title: The Croods: A New Age | Genres: animation, family, adventure, fantasy, comedy | Overview: Searching for a safer habitat, the prehistoric Crood family discovers an idyllic, walled-in paradise that meets all of its needs. Unfortunately, they must also learn to live with the Bettermans -- a family that's a couple of steps above the Croods on the evolutionary ladder. As tensions between the new neighbors start to rise, a new threat soon propels both clans on an epic adventure that forces them to embrace their differences, draw strength from one another, and survive together.
Title: Back to the Outback | Genres: animation, family, adventure, comedy | Overview: Tired of being locked in a reptile house where humans gawk at them like they are monsters, a ragtag group of Australia’s deadliest creatures plot an escape from their zoo to the Outback, a place where they’ll fit in without being judged.
Title: The Tomorrow War | Genres: action, science fiction, adventure | Overview: The world is stunned when a group of time travelers arrive from the year 2051 to deliver an urgent message: Thirty years in the future, mankind is losing a global war against a deadly alien species. The only hope for survival is for soldiers and civilians from the present to be transported to the future and join the fight. Among those recruited is high school teacher and family man Dan Forester. Determined to save the world for his young daughter, Dan teams up with a brilliant scientist and his estranged father in a desperate quest to rewrite the fate of the planet.
Title: Home Team | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: Two years after a Super Bowl win when NFL head coach Sean Payton is suspended, he goes back to his hometown and finds himself reconnecting with his 12-year-old son by coaching his Pop Warner football team.
Title: The Fallout | Genres: drama | Overview: In the wake of a school tragedy, Vada, Mia and Quinton form a unique and dynamic bond as they navigate the never linear, often confusing journey to heal in a world that feels forever changed.
Title: Raya and the Last Dragon | Genres: family, fantasy, animation, action, adventure | Overview: Long ago, in the fantasy world of Kumandra, humans and dragons lived together in harmony. But when an evil force threatened the land, the dragons sacrificed themselves to save humanity. Now, 500 years later, that same evil has returned and it’s up to a lone warrior, Raya, to track down the legendary last dragon to restore the fractured land and its divided people.
Title: Infinite | Genres: science fiction, action, thriller | Overview: Evan McCauley has skills he never learned and memories of places he has never visited. Self-medicated and on the brink of a mental breakdown, a secret group that call themselves “Infinites” come to his rescue, revealing that his memories are real.
Title: Wrath of Man | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: A cold and mysterious new security guard for a Los Angeles cash truck company surprises his co-workers when he unleashes precision skills during a heist. The crew is left wondering who he is and where he came from. Soon, the marksman's ultimate motive becomes clear as he takes dramatic and irrevocable steps to settle a score.
Title: Fortress | Genres: crime, action, thriller | Overview: The story revolves around a top-secret resort for retired U.S. intelligence officers. A group of criminals led by Balzary breach the compound, hellbent on revenge on Robert, forcing the retired officer and his son to save the day.
Title: Space Jam: A New Legacy | Genres: family, animation, comedy, science fiction | Overview: When LeBron and his young son Dom are trapped in a digital space by a rogue A.I., LeBron must get them home safe by leading Bugs, Lola Bunny and the whole gang of notoriously undisciplined Looney Tunes to victory over the A.I.'s digitized champions on the court. It's Tunes versus Goons in the highest-stakes challenge of his life.
Title: Laura y el misterio del asesino inesperado | Genres: tv movie, mystery, thriller, comedy | Overview: After years of leave, Laura Lebrel returns to action. Lydia asks him for help on a case: Eugenio Ortiz, Laura's former instructor, has been murdered. But a new detective, Hector, finds evidence that incriminates Laura. She asks to be allowed to find the killer and Lydia gives her 24 hours to solve the case before arresting her.
Title: The Conjuring: The Devil Made Me Do It | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: Paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren encounter what would become one of the most sensational cases from their files. The fight for the soul of a young boy takes them beyond anything they'd ever seen before, to mark the first time in U.S. history that a murder suspect would claim demonic possession as a defense.
Title: Batman Begins | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: Driven by tragedy, billionaire Bruce Wayne dedicates his life to uncovering and defeating the corruption that plagues his home, Gotham City. Unable to work within the system, he instead creates a new identity, a symbol of fear for the criminal underworld - The Batman.
Title: The Royal Treatment | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Isabella runs her own salon and isn’t afraid to speak her mind, while Prince Thomas runs his own country and is about to marry for duty rather than love. When Izzy and her fellow stylists get the opportunity of a lifetime to do the hair for the royal wedding, she and Prince Thomas learn that taking control of their own destiny requires following their hearts.
Title: Ciao Alberto | Genres: animation, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: With his best friend Luca away at school, Alberto is enjoying his new life in Portorosso working alongside Massimo – the imposing, tattooed, one-armed fisherman of few words – who's quite possibly the coolest human in the entire world as far as Alberto is concerned. He wants more than anything to impress his mentor, but it's easier said than done.
Title: Gone Mom: The Disappearance of Jennifer Dulos | Genres: tv movie, thriller, crime | Overview: Jennifer Dulos, the wealthy, Connecticut mother-of-five who mysteriously vanished.
Title: Ripper Untold | Genres: horror | Overview: A detective and a medical examiner join forces to solve a series of horrific murders in Victorian London - but one of them harbors a deadly secret.
Title: Meander | Genres: horror, science fiction, drama, thriller | Overview: After getting a car ride from an unknown man, Lisa wakes up in a tube. On her arm is strapped a bracelet with a countdown. She quickly understands that every 8 minutes, fire burns an occupied section. She has no choice but to crawl into safe sections to survive. To know why she’s there and how to get out, Lisa will have to face the memories of her dead daughter…
Title: Zeros and Ones | Genres: thriller, war | Overview: Called to Rome to stop an imminent terrorist bombing, a soldier desperately seeks news of his imprisoned brother — a rebel with knowledge that could thwart the attack. Navigating the capital's darkened streets, he races to a series of ominous encounters to keep the Vatican from being blown to bits.
Title: Snake Eyes: G.I. Joe Origins | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: After saving the life of their heir apparent, tenacious loner Snake Eyes is welcomed into an ancient Japanese clan called the Arashikage where he is taught the ways of the ninja warrior. But, when secrets from his past are revealed, Snake Eyes' honor and allegiance will be tested – even if that means losing the trust of those closest to him.
Title: Survive the Game | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: When cop David is injured in a drug bust gone wrong, his partner Cal chases the two criminals who shot him. They all land at a remote farm owned by troubled vet Eric, and as Cal and Eric plot their defense, more of the gang arrives - along with a wounded David. Outnumbered, the three heroes must use stealth, smarts, and good shooting to take down the drug-dealing mob.
Title: Riverdance: The Animated Adventure | Genres: animation, fantasy, music, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: A young Irish boy named Keegan and Spanish girl named Moya journey into a magical world of the Megaloceros Giganteus who teach them to appreciate Riverdance as a celebration of life. Based on the stage show phenomenon of the same name and featuring Bill Whelan’s multi-platinum Grammy Award-winning music.
Title: Apex | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Ex-cop Thomas Malone is serving a life sentence for a crime he didn’t commit. He is offered a chance at freedom if he can survive a deadly game of Apex, in which six hunters pay for the pleasure of hunting another human on a remote island. He accepts, and once he arrives, all hell breaks loose.
Title: The Tinder Swindler | Genres: documentary, crime | Overview: Posing as a wealthy, jet-setting diamond mogul, an Israeli conman wooed women online then conned them out of millions of dollars. Now some victims plan for payback.
Title: Love Tactics | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: An ad executive and a fashion designer-blogger don't believe in love, so they place a bet to make the other fall head over heels - with unusual tactics.
Title: The Addams Family 2 | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: The Addams get tangled up in more wacky adventures and find themselves involved in hilarious run-ins with all sorts of unsuspecting characters.
Title: Dynasty Warriors | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: In the turbulent late Eastern Han Dynasty. Ambitious Dong Zhuo controls the court and the commonalty, and heroes from all over the country begin to rise.
Title: Miraculous World: Shanghai – The Legend of Ladydragon | Genres: animation, comedy, family, adventure | Overview: On school break, Marinette heads to Shanghai to meet Adrien. But after arriving, Marinette loses all her stuff, including the Miraculous that allows her to turn into Ladybug!
Title: Miraculous World: New York, United HeroeZ | Genres: animation, family, comedy, adventure, tv movie | Overview: During a school field trip, Ladybug and Cat Noir meet the American superheroes, whom they have to save from an akumatised super-villain. They discover that Miraculous exist in the United States too.
Title: Surviving Paradise: A Family Tale | Genres: documentary | Overview: As the Kalahari Desert faces a worsening dry season, prides, packs and herds of all kinds must rely on the power of family to survive.
Title: My Hero Academia: Heroes Rising | Genres: animation, action, fantasy, adventure | Overview: Class 1-A visits Nabu Island where they finally get to do some real hero work. The place is so peaceful that it's more like a vacation … until they're attacked by a villain with an unfathomable Quirk! His power is eerily familiar, and it looks like Shigaraki had a hand in the plan. But with All Might retired and citizens' lives on the line, there's no time for questions. Deku and his friends are the next generation of heroes, and they're the island's only hope.
Title: Amina | Genres: war, history, drama | Overview: In 16th-century Zazzau, now Zaria, Nigeria, Amina must utilize her military skills and tactics to defend her family's kingdom. Based on a true story.
Title: Encounter | Genres: adventure, drama | Overview: A decorated Marine goes on a rescue mission to save his two young sons from an unhuman threat. As their journey takes them in increasingly dangerous directions, the boys will need to leave their childhoods behind.
Title: Son | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: When a young boy contracts a mysterious illness, his mother must decide how far she will go to protect him from terrifying forces in her past.
Title: Wonder Woman 1984 | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: A botched store robbery places Wonder Woman in a global battle against a powerful and mysterious ancient force that puts her powers in jeopardy.
Title: The Amazing Spider-Man 2 | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: For Peter Parker, life is busy. Between taking out the bad guys as Spider-Man and spending time with the person he loves, Gwen Stacy, high school graduation cannot come quickly enough. Peter has not forgotten about the promise he made to Gwen’s father to protect her by staying away, but that is a promise he cannot keep. Things will change for Peter when a new villain, Electro, emerges, an old friend, Harry Osborn, returns, and Peter uncovers new clues about his past.
Title: The Whole Truth | Genres: horror | Overview: When two siblings stumble on a strange hole in the wall of their grandparents’ house, horrifying incidents reveal sinister secrets about their family.
Title: Catwoman: Hunted | Genres: animation, action, crime | Overview: Catwoman's attempt to steal a priceless jewel puts her squarely in the crosshairs of both a powerful consortium of villains and the ever-resourceful Interpol, not to mention Batwoman.
Title: Hacksaw Ridge | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: WWII American Army Medic Desmond T. Doss, who served during the Battle of Okinawa, refuses to kill people and becomes the first Conscientious Objector in American history to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor.
Title: Crazy Fist | Genres: action | Overview: After an opponent dies mid-match, a prominent MMA champion swore never to fight again and retired to run his family's company. But when his best friend dies under suspicious circumstances, he has no choice but to step back in the ring.
Title: Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: Harry Potter has lived under the stairs at his aunt and uncle's house his whole life. But on his 11th birthday, he learns he's a powerful wizard—with a place waiting for him at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As he learns to harness his newfound powers with the help of the school's kindly headmaster, Harry uncovers the truth about his parents' deaths—and about the villain who's to blame.
Title: The Avengers | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: When an unexpected enemy emerges and threatens global safety and security, Nick Fury, director of the international peacekeeping agency known as S.H.I.E.L.D., finds himself in need of a team to pull the world back from the brink of disaster. Spanning the globe, a daring recruitment effort begins!
Title: Dragon Fury | Genres: horror, fantasy, mystery | Overview: A group of soldiers are taken to the mountains of Wales to investigate a strange looking monster.
Title: Tarumama | Genres: horror, drama | Overview: Sara and Óscar, a couple going through a marital crisis, decide to spend a week in a remote country cabin with their two children, Alicia and Tomás. The family tries to have a quiet time, but something strange happens there. There is a woman who prowls through the forest and cries uncontrollably looking for a baby she has just lost. This deeply affects the family who will have to stay together to survive this nightmare.
Title: Doctor Strange | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: After his career is destroyed, a brilliant but arrogant surgeon gets a new lease on life when a sorcerer takes him under her wing and trains him to defend the world against evil.
Title: Halloween Kills | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: The nightmare isn't over as unstoppable killer Michael Myers escapes from Laurie Strode's trap to continue his ritual bloodbath. Injured and taken to the hospital, Laurie fights through the pain as she inspires residents of Haddonfield, to rise up against Myers. Taking matters into their own hands, the Strode women and other survivors form a vigilante mob to hunt down Michael and end his reign of terror once and for all.
Title: The Exorcism of God | Genres: horror | Overview: An American priest working in Mexico is considered a saint by many local parishioners. However, due to a botched exorcism, he carries a secret that’s eating him alive until he gets an opportunity to face his demon one final time.
Title: Spider-Man: Far From Home | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Peter Parker and his friends go on a summer trip to Europe. However, they will hardly be able to rest - Peter will have to agree to help Nick Fury uncover the mystery of creatures that cause natural disasters and destruction throughout the continent.
Title: Harry Potter 20th Anniversary: Return to Hogwarts | Genres: documentary | Overview: An enchanting making-of story told through all-new in-depth interviews and cast conversations, inviting fans on a magical first-person journey through one of the most beloved film franchises of all time.
Title: After We Collided | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Tessa finds herself struggling with her complicated relationship with Hardin; she faces a dilemma that could change their lives forever.
Title: The Desperate Hour | Genres: thriller | Overview: A woman desperately races to save her child after police place her hometown on lockdown due to an active shooter incident.
Title: Dragon Ball Z: Resurrection 'F' | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: One peaceful day on Earth, two remnants of Frieza's army named Sorbet and Tagoma arrive searching for the Dragon Balls with the aim of reviving Frieza. They succeed, and Frieza subsequently seeks revenge on the Saiyans.
Title: Seal Team | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: After his best friend is killed in a shark attack, Quinn, a lovable yet tenacious seal assembles a SEAL TEAM to fight back against a gang of sharks overtaking the neighborhood. But this merry band of international seals are not at all trained for such a mission. They seek the help of a much more skillful combatant, Claggart, but even his tricks and flips can’t whip these guys into shape. However, with a little bit of ingenuity, intelligence and a lot of heart, our SEAL TEAM may actually be able to bring peace back to their undersea community.
Title: Knowing | Genres: action, mystery, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A teacher opens a time capsule that has been dug up at his son's elementary school; in it are some chilling predictions -- some that have already occurred and others that are about to -- that lead him to believe his family plays a role in the events that are about to unfold.
Title: Witch Hunt | Genres: fantasy, horror, thriller, drama | Overview: In a modern America where witches are real and witchcraft is illegal, a sheltered teenager must face her own demons and prejudices as she helps two young witches avoid law enforcement and cross the southern border to asylum in Mexico.
Title: The Maze Runner | Genres: action, mystery, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Set in a post-apocalyptic world, young Thomas is deposited in a community of boys after his memory is erased, soon learning they're all trapped in a maze that will require him to join forces with fellow “runners” for a shot at escape.
Title: The Unholy | Genres: horror | Overview: Alice, a young hearing-impaired girl who, after a supposed visitation from the Virgin Mary, is inexplicably able to hear, speak and heal the sick. As word spreads and people from near and far flock to witness her miracles, a disgraced journalist hoping to revive his career visits the small New England town to investigate. When terrifying events begin to happen all around, he starts to question if these phenomena are the works of the Virgin Mary or something much more sinister.
Title: Ashfall | Genres: action, adventure, thriller | Overview: A group of unlikely heroes from across the Korean peninsula try to save the day after a volcano erupts on the mythical and majestic Baekdu Mountain.
Title: The Sky Is Everywhere | Genres: drama, romance, music | Overview: Lennie is a teen musical prodigy grieving the death of her sister when she finds herself caught between a new guy at school and her sister's devastated boyfriend. Through her vivid imagination and conflicted heart, Lennie navigates first love and first loss.
Title: Time Is Up | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Vivien, an accomplished student with a passion for physics, and Roy, a troubled young man, are involved in an accident that forces them to reclaim their lives one minute at the time.
Title: The Deep House | Genres: horror | Overview: While diving in a remote French lake, a couple of YouTubers who specialize in underwater exploration videos discover a house submerged in the deep waters. What was initially a unique finding soon turns into a nightmare when they discover that the house was the scene of atrocious crimes. Trapped, with their oxygen reserves falling dangerously, they realize the worst is yet to come: they are not alone in the house.
Title: Boruto: Naruto the Movie | Genres: animation, action, comedy | Overview: The spirited Boruto Uzumaki, son of Seventh Hokage Naruto, is a skilled ninja who possesses the same brashness and passion his father once had. However, the constant absence of his father, who is busy with his Hokage duties, puts a damper on Boruto's fire. He ends up meeting his father's friend Sasuke, and requests to become... his apprentice!? The curtain on the story of the new generation rises!
Title: Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: Cars fly, trees fight back, and a mysterious house-elf comes to warn Harry Potter at the start of his second year at Hogwarts. Adventure and danger await when bloody writing on a wall announces: The Chamber Of Secrets Has Been Opened. To save Hogwarts will require all of Harry, Ron and Hermione’s magical abilities and courage.
Title: Sonic the Hedgehog | Genres: action, science fiction, comedy, family | Overview: Based on the global blockbuster videogame franchise from Sega, Sonic the Hedgehog tells the story of the world’s speediest hedgehog as he embraces his new home on Earth. In this live-action adventure comedy, Sonic and his new best friend team up to defend the planet from the evil genius Dr. Robotnik and his plans for world domination.
Title: Coco | Genres: family, animation, fantasy, music, comedy, adventure | Overview: Despite his family’s baffling generations-old ban on music, Miguel dreams of becoming an accomplished musician like his idol, Ernesto de la Cruz. Desperate to prove his talent, Miguel finds himself in the stunning and colorful Land of the Dead following a mysterious chain of events. Along the way, he meets charming trickster Hector, and together, they set off on an extraordinary journey to unlock the real story behind Miguel's family history.
Title: Ava | Genres: drama | Overview: Ava, 13, is spending the summer on the Atlantic coast when she learns that she will lose her sight sooner than expected. Her mother decides to act as if everything were normal so as to spend their best summer ever. Ava confronts the problem in her own way. She steals a big black dog that belongs to a young man on the run...
Title: Fury | Genres: war, drama, action | Overview: In the last months of World War II, as the Allies make their final push in the European theatre, a battle-hardened U.S. Army sergeant named 'Wardaddy' commands a Sherman tank called 'Fury' and its five-man crew on a deadly mission behind enemy lines. Outnumbered and outgunned, Wardaddy and his men face overwhelming odds in their heroic attempts to strike at the heart of Nazi Germany.
Title: Don't Breathe 2 | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: The Blind Man has been hiding out for several years in an isolated cabin and has taken in and raised a young girl orphaned from a devastating house fire. Their quiet life together is shattered when a group of criminals kidnap the girl, forcing the Blind Man to leave his safe haven to save her.
"Title: Matando Cabos 2: La Máscara del Máscara | Genres: action, comedy, adventure | Overview: Faced with the unexpected death of his estranged father -El Máscara- and the subsequent theft of his precious mask, Rubén -Mascarita- will find himself confronted with his past. Alongside his invincible bodyguard Tony ""The Cannibal"" and, an unexpected ally, he will have only one day to recover it and make amends with the memory of his father."
Title: Monster Hunter | Genres: action, fantasy, adventure | Overview: A portal transports Cpt. Artemis and an elite unit of soldiers to a strange world where powerful monsters rule with deadly ferocity. Faced with relentless danger, the team encounters a mysterious hunter who may be their only hope to find a way home.
Title: The Last: Naruto the Movie | Genres: action, romance, animation | Overview: Two years after the events of the Fourth Great Ninja War, the moon that Hagoromo Otsutsuki created long ago to seal away the Gedo Statue begins to descend towards the world, threatening to become a meteor that would destroy everything on impact. Amidst this crisis, a direct descendant of Kaguya Otsutsuki named Toneri Otsutsuki attempts to kidnap Hinata Hyuga but ends up abducting her younger sister Hanabi. Naruto and his allies now mount a rescue mission before finding themselves embroiled in a final battle to decide the fate of everything.
Title: Spider-Man: Homecoming | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, drama | Overview: Following the events of Captain America: Civil War, Peter Parker, with the help of his mentor Tony Stark, tries to balance his life as an ordinary high school student in Queens, New York City, with fighting crime as his superhero alter ego Spider-Man as a new threat, the Vulture, emerges.
Title: Bigbug | Genres: science fiction, comedy | Overview: Humans have ceded most tasks to AI in 2045, even in nostalgic Alice's home. So when robots stage a coup, her androids protectively lock her doors.
Title: Spider-Man | Genres: fantasy, action | Overview: After being bitten by a genetically altered spider at Oscorp, nerdy but endearing high school student Peter Parker is endowed with amazing powers to become the superhero known as Spider-Man.
Title: Avengers: Endgame | Genres: adventure, science fiction, action | Overview: After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War, the universe is in ruins due to the efforts of the Mad Titan, Thanos. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers must assemble once more in order to undo Thanos' actions and restore order to the universe once and for all, no matter what consequences may be in store.
Title: Old | Genres: thriller, mystery, horror | Overview: A group of families on a tropical holiday discover that the secluded beach where they are staying is somehow causing them to age rapidly – reducing their entire lives into a single day.
Title: Real Steel | Genres: action, science fiction, drama | Overview: Charlie Kenton is a washed-up fighter who retired from the ring when robots took over the sport. After his robot is trashed, he reluctantly teams up with his estranged son to rebuild and train an unlikely contender.
Title: Love and Leashes | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Love never hurt so good for two co-workers who enter a contractual relationship as partners in consensual play, pleasure and pain.
Title: After | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Tessa Young is a dedicated student, dutiful daughter and loyal girlfriend to her high school sweetheart. Entering her first semester of college, Tessa's guarded world opens up when she meets Hardin Scott, a mysterious and brooding rebel who makes her question all she thought she knew about herself -- and what she wants out of life.
Title: The Forever Purge | Genres: horror, action, thriller | Overview: All the rules are broken as a sect of lawless marauders decides that the annual Purge does not stop at daybreak and instead should never end as they chase a group of immigrants who they want to punish because of their harsh historical past.
"Title: Tall Girl 2 | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: After Jodi Kreyman gains popularity, her miscommunications start causing rifts with those around her and now she really needs to ""stand tall""."
Title: Dog | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: An army ranger and his dog embark on a road trip along the Pacific Coast Highway to attend a friend's funeral.
Title: I Am Legend | Genres: drama, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Robert Neville is a scientist who was unable to stop the spread of the terrible virus that was incurable and man-made. Immune, Neville is now the last human survivor in what is left of New York City and perhaps the world. For three years, Neville has faithfully sent out daily radio messages, desperate to find any other survivors who might be out there. But he is not alone.
"Title: Naruto Shippuden the Movie | Genres: animation, action, fantasy | Overview: Demons that once almost destroyed the world, are revived by someone. To prevent the world from being destroyed, the demon has to be sealed and the only one who can do it is the shrine maiden Shion from the country of demons, who has two powers; one is sealing demons and the other is predicting the deaths of humans. This time Naruto's mission is to guard Shion, but she predicts Naruto's death. The only way to escape it, is to get away from Shion, which would leave her unguarded, then the demon, whose only goal is to kill Shion will do so, thus meaning the end of the world. Naruto decides to challenge this ""prediction of death."""
Title: Tom & Jerry | Genres: comedy, family, animation | Overview: Tom the cat and Jerry the mouse get kicked out of their home and relocate to a fancy New York hotel, where a scrappy employee named Kayla will lose her job if she can’t evict Jerry before a high-class wedding at the hotel. Her solution? Hiring Tom to get rid of the pesky mouse.
Title: Against the Ice | Genres: adventure, history, drama | Overview: In 1909, two explorers fight to survive after they're left behind while on a Denmark expedition in ice-covered Greenland.
Title: An Egg Rescue | Genres: animation, comedy | Overview: Toto and his friends must rescue his egg children after they're taken away for a gourmet food event in Africa.
Title: Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire | Genres: adventure, fantasy, family | Overview: When Harry Potter's name emerges from the Goblet of Fire, he becomes a competitor in a grueling battle for glory among three wizarding schools—the Triwizard Tournament. But since Harry never submitted his name for the Tournament, who did? Now Harry must confront a deadly dragon, fierce water demons and an enchanted maze only to find himself in the cruel grasp of He Who Must Not Be Named.
Title: Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon Eternal The Movie Part 2 | Genres: animation, action, adventure, comedy, drama, fantasy, romance | Overview: While under the care of the Outer Sailor Guardians, Hotaru begins to age rapidly. Then, the time comes for all the Sailor Guardians to reunite!
Title: Demonic | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A young woman unleashes terrifying demons when supernatural forces at the root of a decades-old rift between mother and daughter are ruthlessly revealed.
Title: Far From the Tree | Genres: animation, family | Overview: On an idyllic beach in the Pacific Northwest, curiosity gets the better of a young raccoon whose frustrated parent attempts to keep them both safe.
Title: Black Water: Abyss | Genres: horror, thriller, adventure, mystery | Overview: An adventure-loving couple convince their friends to explore a remote, uncharted cave system in the forests of Northern Australia. With a tropical storm approaching, they abseil into the mouth of the cave, but when the caves start to flood, tensions rise as oxygen levels fall and the friends find themselves trapped. Unknown to them, the storm has also brought in a pack of dangerous and hungry crocodiles.
"Title: Yes, No, or Maybe Half? | Genres: animation, drama, romance | Overview: Kunieda Kei is a popular, young TV announcer whose public and private personas are so different, they might be called extreme. On the outside, he is the picture of perfection, affectionately nicknamed ""The Prince,"" while on the inside he is constantly cursing at all of the incompetence around him. Of course, no one knows this secret of his. One day, Kei meets animation artist Tsuzuki Ushio for a work assignment. While Kei is in ""inside mode,"" he later runs into Tsuzuki, who doesn't recognize him in his worn-out sweats and a facemask, but as compensation for injuring Tsuzuki's arm, Kei gets roped into helping out with his work."
Title: The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge on the Run | Genres: family, animation, fantasy, adventure, comedy | Overview: When his best friend Gary is suddenly snatched away, SpongeBob takes Patrick on a madcap mission far beyond Bikini Bottom to save their pink-shelled pal.
"Title: Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse | Genres: action, adventure, animation, science fiction | Overview: Miles Morales is juggling his life between being a high school student and being a spider-man. When Wilson ""Kingpin"" Fisk uses a super collider, others from across the Spider-Verse are transported to this dimension."
Title: Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: Year three at Hogwarts means new fun and challenges as Harry learns the delicate art of approaching a Hippogriff, transforming shape-shifting Boggarts into hilarity and even turning back time. But the term also brings danger: soul-sucking Dementors hover over the school, an ally of the accursed He-Who-Cannot-Be-Named lurks within the castle walls, and fearsome wizard Sirius Black escapes Azkaban. And Harry will confront them all.
Title: The Vault | Genres: crime, action, thriller | Overview: When an engineer learns of a mysterious, impenetrable fortress hidden under The Bank of Spain, he joins a crew of master thieves who plan to steal the legendary lost treasure locked inside while the whole country is distracted by Spain's World Cup Final. With thousands of soccer fans cheering in the streets, and security forces closing in, the crew have just minutes to pull off the score of a lifetime.
Title: The Adam Project | Genres: science fiction, adventure, comedy | Overview: After accidentally crash-landing in 2022, time-traveling fighter pilot Adam Reed teams up with his 12-year-old self on a mission to save the future.
Title: Deadpool | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: Deadpool tells the origin story of former Special Forces operative turned mercenary Wade Wilson, who after being subjected to a rogue experiment that leaves him with accelerated healing powers, adopts the alter ego Deadpool. Armed with his new abilities and a dark, twisted sense of humor, Deadpool hunts down the man who nearly destroyed his life.
Title: The Harder They Fall | Genres: western | Overview: Gunning for revenge, outlaw Nat Love saddles up with his gang to take down enemy Rufus Buck, a ruthless crime boss who just got sprung from prison.
Title: Monsters, Inc. | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: James Sullivan and Mike Wazowski are monsters, they earn their living scaring children and are the best in the business... even though they're more afraid of the children than they are of them. When a child accidentally enters their world, James and Mike suddenly find that kids are not to be afraid of and they uncover a conspiracy that could threaten all children across the world.
"Title: Ainbo: Spirit of the Amazon | Genres: adventure, animation, family, fantasy | Overview: An epic journey of a young hero and her Spirit Guides, 'Dillo' a cute and humorous armadillo and ""Vaca"" a goofy oversized tapir, who embark on a quest to save their home in the spectacular Amazon Rainforest."
Title: Don't Look Up | Genres: comedy, drama, science fiction | Overview: Two low-level astronomers must go on a giant media tour to warn humankind of an approaching comet that will destroy planet Earth.
Title: Cars 3 | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Blindsided by a new generation of blazing-fast racers, the legendary Lightning McQueen is suddenly pushed out of the sport he loves. To get back in the game, he will need the help of an eager young race technician with her own plan to win, inspiration from the late Fabulous Hudson Hornet, and a few unexpected turns. Proving that #95 isn't through yet will test the heart of a champion on Piston Cup Racing’s biggest stage!
Title: Spider-Man 3 | Genres: fantasy, action, adventure | Overview: The seemingly invincible Spider-Man goes up against an all-new crop of villains—including the shape-shifting Sandman. While Spider-Man’s superpowers are altered by an alien organism, his alter ego, Peter Parker, deals with nemesis Eddie Brock and also gets caught up in a love triangle.
Title: Last Shoot Out | Genres: western, action, thriller | Overview: Soon after a newlywed learns that her husband had her father shot down, she flees from the Callahan ranch in fear. She's rescued by a gunman who safeguards her at a remote outpost as he staves off her husband's attempts to reclaim his bride.
Title: Sator | Genres: horror | Overview: Secluded in a desolate forest, a broken family is observed by Sator, a supernatural entity who is attempting to claim them.
Title: Iron Man 2 | Genres: adventure, action, science fiction | Overview: With the world now aware of his dual life as the armored superhero Iron Man, billionaire inventor Tony Stark faces pressure from the government, the press and the public to share his technology with the military. Unwilling to let go of his invention, Stark, with Pepper Potts and James 'Rhodey' Rhodes at his side, must forge new alliances – and confront powerful enemies.
Title: Soul | Genres: animation, comedy, fantasy, family | Overview: Joe Gardner is a middle school teacher with a love for jazz music. After a successful audition at the Half Note Club, he suddenly gets into an accident that separates his soul from his body and is transported to the You Seminar, a center in which souls develop and gain passions before being transported to a newborn child. Joe must enlist help from the other souls-in-training, like 22, a soul who has spent eons in the You Seminar, in order to get back to Earth.
Title: Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides | Genres: adventure, action, fantasy | Overview: Captain Jack Sparrow crosses paths with a woman from his past, and he's not sure if it's love -- or if she's a ruthless con artist who's using him to find the fabled Fountain of Youth. When she forces him aboard the Queen Anne's Revenge, the ship of the formidable pirate Blackbeard, Jack finds himself on an unexpected adventure in which he doesn't know who to fear more: Blackbeard or the woman from his past.
Title: Phobias | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Five dangerous patients, suffering from extreme phobias at a government testing facility, are put to the ultimate test under the supervision of a crazed doctor and his quest to weaponize fear.
Title: A Quiet Place Part II | Genres: science fiction, thriller, horror | Overview: Following the events at home, the Abbott family now face the terrors of the outside world. Forced to venture into the unknown, they realize that the creatures that hunt by sound are not the only threats that lurk beyond the sand path.
Title: What the Peeper Saw | Genres: horror, drama, thriller | Overview: A wealthy author's second wife begins to suspect that her 12-year old stepson may have murdered his mother, who mysteriously died in a bathtub accident.
Title: The Dark Knight Rises | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Following the death of District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman assumes responsibility for Dent's crimes to protect the late attorney's reputation and is subsequently hunted by the Gotham City Police Department. Eight years later, Batman encounters the mysterious Selina Kyle and the villainous Bane, a new terrorist leader who overwhelms Gotham's finest. The Dark Knight resurfaces to protect a city that has branded him an enemy.
Title: Trolls Holiday in Harmony | Genres: animation, fantasy, family | Overview: Queen Poppy plans the first annual Trolls Kingdom Secret Holiday Gift Swap, but things don't go quite as expected.
Title: Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Fearing the actions of a god-like Super Hero left unchecked, Gotham City’s own formidable, forceful vigilante takes on Metropolis’s most revered, modern-day savior, while the world wrestles with what sort of hero it really needs. And with Batman and Superman at war with one another, a new threat quickly arises, putting mankind in greater danger than it’s ever known before.
Title: Motherly | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: Kate and her daughter Beth live alone in an isolated farmhouse in the woods, but when Kate slowly begins to suspect that something sinister is happening, her motherly instincts are put to the test.
"Title: Nobody | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Hutch Mansell, a suburban dad, overlooked husband, nothing neighbor — a ""nobody."" When two thieves break into his home one night, Hutch's unknown long-simmering rage is ignited and propels him on a brutal path that will uncover dark secrets he fought to leave behind."
Title: My Hero Academia: Two Heroes | Genres: animation, action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: All Might and Deku accept an invitation to go abroad to a floating and mobile manmade city, called 'I-Island', where they research quirks as well as hero supplemental items at the special 'I-Expo' convention that is currently being held on the island. During that time, suddenly, despite an iron wall of security surrounding the island, the system is breached by a villain, and the only ones able to stop him are the students of Class 1-A.
Title: Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: As Lord Voldemort tightens his grip on both the Muggle and wizarding worlds, Hogwarts is no longer a safe haven. Harry suspects perils may even lie within the castle, but Dumbledore is more intent upon preparing him for the final battle fast approaching. Together they work to find the key to unlock Voldemorts defenses and to this end, Dumbledore recruits his old friend and colleague Horace Slughorn, whom he believes holds crucial information. Even as the decisive showdown looms, romance blossoms for Harry, Ron, Hermione and their classmates. Love is in the air, but danger lies ahead and Hogwarts may never be the same again.
Title: Book of Love | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Young, uptight English writer Henry creates a novel that ends up being a resolute failure. He is delighted to find out his book is a surprise hit in Mexico but when he is invited there to promote it, he soon discovers why: his Spanish translator Maria has rewritten his dull book as an erotic novel. Henry is furious, and even more so when his publisher insists he and Maria conduct a book tour across Mexico together. Opposites attract and the chemistry between the couple ensures sparks fly.
Title: Jurassic Hunt | Genres: action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Female adventurer Parker joins a crew of male trophy hunters in a remote wilderness park. Their goal: slaughter genetically recreated dinosaurs for sport using rifles, arrows, and grenades. After their guide is killed by raptors, the team tries to escape the park – but the hunters quickly become the hunted. Even worse, the park’s manager suspects Parker of being a spy and sends a hit squad after her. This battle’s about to become primitive!
Title: American Underdog | Genres: drama | Overview: The true story of Kurt Warner, who went from a stockboy at a grocery store to a two-time NFL MVP, Super Bowl champion, and Hall of Fame quarterback.
Title: The Dark Knight | Genres: drama, action, crime, thriller | Overview: Batman raises the stakes in his war on crime. With the help of Lt. Jim Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman sets out to dismantle the remaining criminal organizations that plague the streets. The partnership proves to be effective, but they soon find themselves prey to a reign of chaos unleashed by a rising criminal mastermind known to the terrified citizens of Gotham as the Joker.
Title: Jujutsu Kaisen 0 | Genres: animation, action, adventure, mystery | Overview: Yuta Okkotsu is a nervous high school student who is suffering from a serious problem—his childhood friend Rika has turned into a curse and won't leave him alone. Since Rika is no ordinary curse, his plight is noticed by Satoru Gojo, a teacher at Jujutsu High, a school where fledgling exorcists learn how to combat curses. Gojo convinces Yuta to enroll, but can he learn enough in time to confront the curse that haunts him?
Title: Ava | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A black ops assassin is forced to fight for her own survival after a job goes dangerously wrong.
Title: Three Steps Above Heaven | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Story of two young people who belong to different worlds. It is the chronicle of a love improbable, almost impossible but inevitable dragging in a frantic journey they discover the first great love. Babi is a girl from upper-middle class that is educated in goodness and innocence . Hache is a rebellious boy, impulsive, unconscious, has a appetite for risk and danger embodied in endless fights and illegal motorbike races, the limit of common sense
Title: Sinkhole | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: The average citizen Dong-won and his family move into a house bought after years of hard work. Filled with happiness, he invites his colleagues for a housewarming party, but the heavy rain during the night before creates a gigantic sinkhole, and in a mere minute, it swallows up the whole house and the people inside. Hundreds of meters down the hole, Dong-won, his neighbor Man-su, and the unfortunate guests must find their way out. Rain starts to pour down, filling the sinkhole with water, and they’re running out of time.
Title: Undisputed III: Redemption | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Russian inmate Boyka, now severely hobbled by the knee injury suffered at the end of Undisputed 2. No longer the feared prison fighter he was, he has declined so far that he is now good only for cleaning toilets. But when a new prison fight tournament begins - an international affair, matching the best fighters from prisons around the globe, enticing them with the promise of freedom for the winner - Boyka must reclaim his dignity and fight for his position in the tournament.
Title: Toy Story | Genres: animation, adventure, family, comedy | Overview: Led by Woody, Andy's toys live happily in his room until Andy's birthday brings Buzz Lightyear onto the scene. Afraid of losing his place in Andy's heart, Woody plots against Buzz. But when circumstances separate Buzz and Woody from their owner, the duo eventually learns to put aside their differences.
Title: Roald Dahl's The Witches | Genres: family, fantasy, adventure, comedy, horror | Overview: In late 1967, a young orphaned boy goes to live with his loving grandma in the rural Alabama town of Demopolis. As the boy and his grandmother encounter some deceptively glamorous but thoroughly diabolical witches, she wisely whisks him away to a seaside resort. Regrettably, they arrive at precisely the same time that the world's Grand High Witch has gathered.
Title: El Paseo 6 | Genres: comedy | Overview: The last year High School excursion is the walk where anything can happen, but the last year High School excursion with the parents, that is the last straw. And since Álvaro Castaño knows that security is better than the police, he decides to travel with his family to watch over his daughter Sarita, however, his mother-in-law, Raquel, is not willing to allow it and also embarks in the plan . On the paradisiacal beaches of San Andrés, Álvaro Castaño will become Sara's nightmare and the sensation for the excursion, while his sexy mother-in-law of him will be the one to steal the show. El Paseo 6, the last yeat High School excursion, because the luck of the grandmother, the High School girls wish it.
Title: Separation | Genres: horror, drama | Overview: A young girl finds solace in her artist father and the ghost of her dead mother.
Title: Dragon Ball Super: Super Hero | Genres: animation, science fiction, action | Overview: The Red Ribbon Army, an evil organization that was once destroyed by Goku in the past, has been reformed by a group of people who have created new and mightier Androids, Gamma 1 and Gamma 2, and seek vengeance against Goku and his family.
Title: After Ever Happy | Genres: romance | Overview: The fourth installment in The After Universe. As a shocking truth about a couple's families emerges, the two lovers discover they are not so different from each other. Tessa is no longer the sweet, simple, good girl she was when she met Hardin — any more than he is the cruel, moody boy she fell so hard for.
Title: Brothers | Genres: drama, thriller, war | Overview: When his helicopter goes down during his fourth tour of duty in Afghanistan, Marine Sam Cahill is presumed dead. Back home, brother Tommy steps in to look over Sam’s wife, Grace, and two children. Sam’s surprise homecoming triggers domestic mayhem.
Title: Shrek | Genres: animation, comedy, fantasy, adventure, family | Overview: It ain't easy bein' green -- especially if you're a likable (albeit smelly) ogre named Shrek. On a mission to retrieve a gorgeous princess from the clutches of a fire-breathing dragon, Shrek teams up with an unlikely compatriot -- a wisecracking donkey.
Title: Jackass Forever | Genres: action, comedy, documentary | Overview: Celebrate the joy of a perfectly executed shot to the groin as Johnny Knoxville, Steve-O and the rest of the gang return alongside some newcomers for one final round of hilarious, wildly absurd and often dangerous displays of stunts and comedy.
Title: Big Hero 6 | Genres: adventure, family, animation, action, comedy | Overview: A special bond develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax, and prodigy Hiro Hamada, who team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes.
Title: Monster Pets: A Hotel Transylvania Short | Genres: animation, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Drac tries out some new monster pets to help occupy Tinkles for playtime.
Title: Off Course | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Two young Spanish men, with a university education, are tired of unemployment and decide to move to Germany. But soon they will find out that finding a better living is not as easy as they expected.
Title: The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Immediately after the events of The Desolation of Smaug, Bilbo and the dwarves try to defend Erebor's mountain of treasure from others who claim it: the men of the ruined Laketown and the elves of Mirkwood. Meanwhile an army of Orcs led by Azog the Defiler is marching on Erebor, fueled by the rise of the dark lord Sauron. Dwarves, elves and men must unite, and the hope for Middle-Earth falls into Bilbo's hands.
Title: Major Grom: Plague Doctor | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: Igor Grom is a skilled policeman from St. Petersburg, known for his daring nature and uncompromising attitude towards the criminals of all kinds. Incredible strength, analytical mind and integrity – these qualities make Major Grom the perfect policeman. Working tirelessly, he always pushes through, and meets the challenges standing in the way.
Title: Monster Family 2 | Genres: animation, family | Overview: To free Baba Yaga and Renfield from the clutches of Monster Hunter Mila Starr, the Wishbone Family once more transforms into a Vampire, Frankenstein's Monster, a Mummy and a Werewolf but when aided by their three pet bats, the Monster Family zooms around the world again to save their friends, make new monstrous acquaintances.
Title: Gunpowder Milkshake | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: In her turbulent life as a professional assassin, Sam has no choice but to go rogue to save the life of an innocent 8-year-old girl in the middle of the gang war she has unleashed.
Title: Beautiful Sisters: Flesh Slave | Genres: crime, horror | Overview: A maniac breaks into the apartment of two sisters and abuses them sexually and physically until they turn the tables.
Title: Narco Sub | Genres: action, drama, crime | Overview: A man will become a criminal to save his family. Director: Shawn Welling Writer: Derek H. Potts Stars: Tom Vera, Tom Sizemore, Lee Majors |
Title: Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix | Genres: adventure, fantasy, mystery | Overview: The rebellion begins! Lord Voldemort has returned, but the Ministry of Magic is doing everything it can to keep the wizarding world from knowing the truth – including appointing Ministry official Dolores Umbridge as the new Defence Against the Dark Arts professor at Hogwarts. When Umbridge refuses to teach practical defensive magic, Ron and Hermione convince Harry to secretly train a select group of students for the wizarding war that lies ahead. A terrifying showdown between good and evil awaits in this enthralling film version of the fifth novel in J.K. Rowling’s Harry Potter series. Prepare for battle!
"Title: Legend | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: Suave, charming and volatile, Reggie Kray and his unstable twin brother Ronnie start to leave their mark on the London underworld in the 1960s. Using violence to get what they want, the siblings orchestrate robberies and murders while running nightclubs and protection rackets. With police Detective Leonard ""Nipper"" Read hot on their heels, the brothers continue their rapid rise to power and achieve tabloid notoriety."
Title: Straight Outta Nowhere: Scooby-Doo! Meets Courage the Cowardly Dog | Genres: animation, comedy, mystery, family, fantasy | Overview: With Mystery, Inc. on the tail of a strange object in Nowhere, Kansas, the strange hometown of Eustice, Muriel, and Courage, the gang soon find themselves contending with a giant cicada monster and her winged warriors.
"Title: Descendants: The Royal Wedding | Genres: tv movie, animation, comedy, family, drama | Overview: Happily-ever-after continues for Auradon's power couple as they prepare to say ""I do"" at an epic celebration with their friends and family, but Hades threatens to ruin it all."
Title: Frozen II | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Elsa, Anna, Kristoff and Olaf head far into the forest to learn the truth about an ancient mystery of their kingdom.
Title: Swim | Genres: horror, action | Overview: A family gets trapped in their storm flooded vacation rental, tries to escape from a hungry shark that made it's way into the house.
Title: Mutation on Mars | Genres: drama, science fiction | Overview: In the near future, the Earth’s resources are gradually getting scarce. In order to continue the hope of survival for generations of children and grandchildren, top scientists from various countries have brought several species of animals and plants to Mars for research, hoping to improve the Martian environment through advanced science and technology to make it suitable for human habitation.
Title: Zone 414 | Genres: science fiction, thriller, mystery | Overview: In the near future on a colony of state-of-the-art robots, a private investigator is hired by the colony's creator to bring his missing daughter home.
Title: Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 | Genres: fantasy, adventure | Overview: Harry, Ron and Hermione continue their quest to vanquish the evil Voldemort once and for all. Just as things begin to look hopeless for the young wizards, Harry discovers a trio of magical objects that endow him with powers to rival Voldemort's formidable skills.
Title: Avengers: Age of Ultron | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: When Tony Stark tries to jumpstart a dormant peacekeeping program, things go awry and Earth’s Mightiest Heroes are put to the ultimate test as the fate of the planet hangs in the balance. As the villainous Ultron emerges, it is up to The Avengers to stop him from enacting his terrible plans, and soon uneasy alliances and unexpected action pave the way for an epic and unique global adventure.
Title: Thor: Ragnarok | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Thor is imprisoned on the other side of the universe and finds himself in a race against time to get back to Asgard to stop Ragnarok, the destruction of his home-world and the end of Asgardian civilization, at the hands of a powerful new threat, the ruthless Hela.
Title: It Chapter Two | Genres: horror, fantasy | Overview: 27 years after overcoming the malevolent supernatural entity Pennywise, the former members of the Losers' Club, who have grown up and moved away from Derry, are brought back together by a devastating phone call.
Title: The Lion King | Genres: family, animation, drama | Overview: A young lion prince is cast out of his pride by his cruel uncle, who claims he killed his father. While the uncle rules with an iron paw, the prince grows up beyond the Savannah, living by a philosophy: No worries for the rest of your days. But when his past comes to haunt him, the young prince must decide his fate: Will he remain an outcast or face his demons and become what he needs to be?
Title: King Richard | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The story of how Richard Williams served as a coach to his daughters Venus and Serena, who will soon become two of the most legendary tennis players in history.
Title: Last Night in Soho | Genres: thriller, horror, mystery | Overview: A young girl, passionate about fashion design, is mysteriously able to enter the 1960s where she encounters her idol, a dazzling wannabe singer. But 1960s London is not what it seems, and time seems to be falling apart with shady consequences.
Title: Batman Returns | Genres: action, fantasy | Overview: While Batman deals with a deformed man calling himself the Penguin, an employee of a corrupt businessman transforms into the Catwoman.
Title: The Twilight Saga: Eclipse | Genres: adventure, fantasy, drama, romance | Overview: Bella once again finds herself surrounded by danger as Seattle is ravaged by a string of mysterious killings and a malicious vampire continues her quest for revenge. In the midst of it all, she is forced to choose between her love for Edward and her friendship with Jacob, knowing that her decision has the potential to ignite the ageless struggle between vampire and werewolf. With her graduation quickly approaching, Bella is confronted with the most important decision of her life.
Title: Wild Indian | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Decades after covering up his classmate’s murder, Michael has moved on from his reservation and fractured past. When a man who shares his violent secret seeks vengeance, Michael goes to great lengths to protect his new life with his wife and boss from the demons of his past.
Title: Project X | Genres: comedy | Overview: Three high school seniors throw a party to make a name for themselves. As the night progresses, things spiral out of control as word of the party spreads.
Title: The Protégé | Genres: action | Overview: Rescued as a child by the legendary assassin Moody and trained in the family business, Anna is the world’s most skilled contract killer. When Moody, the man who was like a father to her and taught her everything she needs to know about trust and survival, is brutally killed, Anna vows revenge. As she becomes entangled with an enigmatic killer whose attraction to her goes way beyond cat and mouse, their confrontation turns deadly and the loose ends of a life spent killing will weave themselves ever tighter.
Title: Ida Red | Genres: crime, thriller, drama, action | Overview: Ida Red may not survive her 20-year prison sentence for armed robbery. She turns to her son, Wyatt, for one last job and a chance to regain her freedom.
Title: The Haunting of Helena | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: After a divorce, Sophia moves to the south of Italy with her daughter, Helena. Their new home, an apartment within an austere building of the fascist age, is a chance for them to start a new life. But inside an old storage room hides a mysterious closet and a buried secret. After the loss of Helena’s first baby tooth, a chilling obsession begins and an apparition haunts her sleep...
Title: Vanguard | Genres: action, adventure, crime | Overview: Covert security company Vanguard is the last hope of survival for an accountant after he is targeted by the world's deadliest mercenary organization.
Title: Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: Jack Sparrow, a freewheeling 18th-century pirate, quarrels with a rival pirate bent on pillaging Port Royal. When the governor's daughter is kidnapped, Sparrow decides to help the girl's love save her.
Title: The Simpsons: The Good, the Bart, and the Loki | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Loki is banished from Asgard once again and must face his toughest opponents yet: the Simpsons and Springfield’s mightiest heroes. The God of Mischief teams up with Bart Simpson in the ultimate crossover event paying tribute to the Marvel Cinematic Universe of superheroes and villains.
Title: The Marksman | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: Jim Hanson’s quiet life is suddenly disturbed by two people crossing the US/Mexico border – a woman and her young son – desperate to flee a Mexican cartel. After a shootout leaves the mother dead, Jim becomes the boy’s reluctant defender. He embraces his role as Miguel’s protector and will stop at nothing to get him to safety, as they go on the run from the relentless assassins.
"Title: Vicky and Her Mystery | Genres: adventure, family, drama | Overview: Stéphane decides to move to the beautiful mountains of Cantal in order to reconnect with his 8-year-old daughter, Victoria, who has been silent since her mother's disappearance. During a walk in the forest, a shepherd gives Victoria a puppy named ""Mystery"" who will gradually give her a taste for life. But very quickly, Stéphane discovers that the animal is in reality a wolf… Despite the warnings and the danger of this situation, he cannot bring himself to separate his daughter from this seemingly harmless ball of hair."
Title: KonoSuba: God's Blessing on this Wonderful World! Legend of Crimson | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: It is not strange that the Demon Lord's forces fear the Crimson Demons, the clan from which Megumin and Yunyun originate. Even if the Demon Lord's generals attack their village, the Crimson Demons can just easily brush them off with their supreme mastery of advanced and overpowered magic. When Yunyun receives a seemingly serious letter regarding a potential disaster coming to her hometown, she immediately informs Kazuma Satou and the rest of his party. After a series of wacky misunderstandings, it turns out to be a mere prank by her fellow demon who wants to be an author. Even so, Megumin becomes worried about her family and sets out toward the Crimson Demons' village with the gang. There, Kazuma and the others decide to sightsee the wonders of Megumin's birthplace. However, they soon come to realize that the nonsense threat they received might have been more than just a joke.
Title: 7 Prisoners | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: An impoverished teen seeking to escape the clutches of a human trafficker must weigh living up to his moral code against his struggle to survive.
Title: 11M | Genres: documentary | Overview: Survivors and insiders recount March 11, 2004's terrorist attack on Madrid, including the political crisis it ignited and the hunt for the perpetrators.
Title: Seobok: Project Clone | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: A former intelligence agent gets involved with the first human clone, Seobok, who others seek, causing trouble.
Title: Shrek 2 | Genres: animation, family, comedy, fantasy, adventure | Overview: Shrek, Fiona and Donkey set off to Far, Far Away to meet Fiona's mother and father. But not everyone is happy. Shrek and the King find it hard to get along, and there's tension in the marriage. The fairy godmother discovers that Shrek has married Fiona instead of her Son Prince Charming and sets about destroying their marriage.
Title: Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief | Genres: adventure, fantasy, family | Overview: Accident prone teenager, Percy discovers he's actually a demi-God, the son of Poseidon, and he is needed when Zeus' lightning is stolen. Percy must master his new found skills in order to prevent a war between the Gods that could devastate the entire world.
Title: Your Name. | Genres: romance, animation, drama | Overview: High schoolers Mitsuha and Taki are complete strangers living separate lives. But one night, they suddenly switch places. Mitsuha wakes up in Taki’s body, and he in hers. This bizarre occurrence continues to happen randomly, and the two must adjust their lives around each other.
Title: Chief Daddy 2: Going for Broke | Genres: comedy | Overview: The Beecroft family are ready to spend all of Chief Daddy's inheritance, but not if the CEO of his company has anything to do with it.
Title: Captain America: Civil War | Genres: adventure, action, science fiction | Overview: Following the events of Age of Ultron, the collective governments of the world pass an act designed to regulate all superhuman activity. This polarizes opinion amongst the Avengers, causing two factions to side with Iron Man or Captain America, which causes an epic battle between former allies.
Title: Joker | Genres: crime, thriller, drama | Overview: During the 1980s, a failed stand-up comedian is driven insane and turns to a life of crime and chaos in Gotham City while becoming an infamous psychopathic crime figure.
"Title: Jack Reacher | Genres: crime, drama, thriller, action | Overview: When a gunman takes five lives with six shots, all evidence points to the suspect in custody. On interrogation, the suspect offers up a single note: ""Get Jack Reacher!"" So begins an extraordinary chase for the truth, pitting Jack Reacher against an unexpected enemy, with a skill for violence and a secret to keep."
Title: The Invisible Thread | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: The teenage son of two fathers makes a documentary film about his parents but is surprised when a real-life plot twist occurs in his family.
Title: SAS: Red Notice | Genres: drama, action, thriller | Overview: An off-duty SAS soldier, Tom Buckingham, must thwart a terror attack on a train running through the Channel Tunnel. As the action escalates on the train, events transpire in the corridors of power that may make the difference as to whether Buckingham and the civilian passengers make it out of the tunnel alive.
Title: Mulan | Genres: adventure, fantasy, drama | Overview: When the Emperor of China issues a decree that one man per family must serve in the Imperial Chinese Army to defend the country from Huns, Hua Mulan, the eldest daughter of an honored warrior, steps in to take the place of her ailing father. She is spirited, determined and quick on her feet. Disguised as a man by the name of Hua Jun, she is tested every step of the way and must harness her innermost strength and embrace her true potential.
Title: I Want You Back | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Peter and Emma thought they were on the precipice of life’s biggest moments – marriage, kids, and houses in the suburbs – until their respective partners dumped them. Horrified to learn that the loves of their lives have already moved on, Peter and Emma hatch a hilarious plan to win back their exes with unexpected results.
Title: Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: Captain Jack Sparrow works his way out of a blood debt with the ghostly Davy Jones to avoid eternal damnation.
Title: Ninja Assassin | Genres: action | Overview: Ninja Assassin follows Raizo, one of the deadliest assassins in the world. Taken from the streets as a child, he was transformed into a trained killer by the Ozunu Clan, a secret society whose very existence is considered a myth. But haunted by the merciless execution of his friend by the Clan, Raizo breaks free from them and vanishes. Now he waits, preparing to exact his revenge.
Title: The Wolf of Wall Street | Genres: crime, drama, comedy | Overview: A New York stockbroker refuses to cooperate in a large securities fraud case involving corruption on Wall Street, corporate banking world and mob infiltration. Based on Jordan Belfort's autobiography.
Title: Hilda and the Mountain King | Genres: animation, adventure, fantasy, family, tv movie | Overview: When Hilda wakes up in the body of a troll, she must use her wits and courage to get back home, become human again — and save the city of Trolberg.
Title: Rurouni Kenshin: The Beginning | Genres: action, adventure, drama | Overview: Before he was a protector, Kenshin was a fearsome assassin known as Battosai. But when he meets gentle Tomoe Yukishiro, a beautiful young woman who carries a huge burden in her heart, his life will change forever.
Title: Minnal Murali | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: A tailor gains special powers after being struck by lightning but must take down an unexpected foe if he is to become the superhero his hometown in Kerala needs.
Title: Pokémon: Mewtwo Strikes Back - Evolution | Genres: animation, adventure, fantasy, action, family | Overview: After accepting an invitation from a mysterious trainer, Ash, Misty and Brock meet Mewtwo, an artificially created Pokémon who wants to do battle.
Title: Fate/Grand Order Final Singularity – Grand Temple of Time: Solomon | Genres: animation, action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: The Chaldea Organization must deal with the Grand Temple of Solomon, the King of Magic, which has come to destroy the world.
Title: Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure, comedy | Overview: When a kingpin threatens New York City, a group of mutated turtle warriors must emerge from the shadows to protect their home.
Title: Fifty Shades of Grey | Genres: drama, romance, thriller | Overview: When college senior Anastasia Steele steps in for her sick roommate to interview prominent businessman Christian Grey for their campus paper, little does she realize the path her life will take. Christian, as enigmatic as he is rich and powerful, finds himself strangely drawn to Ana, and she to him. Though sexually inexperienced, Ana plunges headlong into an affair -- and learns that Christian's true sexual proclivities push the boundaries of pain and pleasure.
Title: Never Back Down: Revolt | Genres: action | Overview: An amateur fighter is lured by a trafficking syndicate specializing in elite underground fighting where her brutal captor forces her to fight or face certain death.
Title: Wish Dragon | Genres: animation, family, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Determined teen Din is longing to reconnect with his childhood best friend when he meets a wish-granting dragon who shows him the magic of possibilities.
Title: Ice Age | Genres: animation, comedy, family, adventure | Overview: With the impending ice age almost upon them, a mismatched trio of prehistoric critters – Manny the woolly mammoth, Diego the saber-toothed tiger and Sid the giant sloth – find an orphaned infant and decide to return it to its human parents. Along the way, the unlikely allies become friends but, when enemies attack, their quest takes on far nobler aims.
Title: Fast & Furious Presents: Hobbs & Shaw | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: Ever since US Diplomatic Security Service Agent Hobbs and lawless outcast Shaw first faced off, they just have traded smack talk and body blows. But when cyber-genetically enhanced anarchist Brixton's ruthless actions threaten the future of humanity, they join forces to defeat him.
Title: Toy Story 2 | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Andy heads off to Cowboy Camp, leaving his toys to their own devices. Things shift into high gear when an obsessive toy collector named Al McWhiggen, owner of Al's Toy Barn kidnaps Woody. Andy's toys mount a daring rescue mission, Buzz Lightyear meets his match and Woody has to decide where he and his heart truly belong.
Title: Sweet Girl | Genres: action | Overview: A man vows to bring justice to those responsible for his wife's death while protecting the only family he has left, his daughter.
Title: The Stronghold | Genres: thriller | Overview: A police brigade working in the dangerous northern neighborhoods of Marseille, where the level of crime is higher than anywhere else in France.
Title: Spirit Untamed | Genres: animation, adventure, family, western | Overview: Lucky Prescott's life is changed forever when she moves from her home in the city to a small frontier town and befriends a wild mustang named Spirit.
Title: Tom Clancy's Without Remorse | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: An elite Navy SEAL uncovers an international conspiracy while seeking justice for the murder of his pregnant wife.
Title: Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: Harry, Ron and Hermione walk away from their last year at Hogwarts to find and destroy the remaining Horcruxes, putting an end to Voldemort's bid for immortality. But with Harry's beloved Dumbledore dead and Voldemort's unscrupulous Death Eaters on the loose, the world is more dangerous than ever.
Title: Injustice | Genres: animation, science fiction, fantasy, action | Overview: When Lois Lane is killed, an unhinged Superman decides to take control of the Earth. Determined to stop him, Batman creates a team of freedom-fighting heroes. But when superheroes go to war, can the world survive?
Title: Nobody Sleeps in the Woods Tonight 2 | Genres: horror, thriller, comedy | Overview: When something horrible happens to the only survivor of a bloody massacre, an insecure rookie cop must overcome his fears to stop further carnage.
Title: American Badger | Genres: action | Overview: A seemingly cold-blooded hitman is assigned to befriend a call girl, but all hell breaks loose when he is assigned to kill her.
Title: Evangelion: 3.0+1.0 Thrice Upon a Time | Genres: animation, action, science fiction, drama | Overview: In the aftermath of the Fourth Impact, stranded without their Evangelions, Shinji, Asuka, and Rei find refuge in one of the rare pockets of humanity that still exist on the ruined planet Earth. There, each of them live a life far different from their days as an Evangelion pilot. However, the danger to the world is far from over. A new impact is looming on the horizon—one that will prove to be the true end of Evangelion.
Title: LOL Surprise: The Movie | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Dazzling doll sisters Queen Bee and Royal Bee make their first movie with help from their fashionable friends in this one-of-a-kind magical adventure.
Title: Coraline | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: When Coraline moves to an old house, she feels bored and neglected by her parents. She finds a hidden door with a bricked up passage. During the night, she crosses the passage and finds a parallel world where everybody has buttons instead of eyes, with caring parents and all her dreams coming true. When the Other Mother invites Coraline to stay in her world forever, the girl refuses and finds that the alternate reality where she is trapped is only a trick to lure her.
Title: How I Became a Superhero | Genres: science fiction, adventure, mystery, action, thriller, fantasy, comedy | Overview: Paris 2020. While superheroes have assimilated into the Parisian society, they discover a new drug that gives themselves personal superpowers to mere mortals. Lieutenants Moreau and Schaltzmann are investigating the case with the support of two ex-superheroes, Monte Carlo and Callista. They'll do whatever it takes to dismantle the traffic. But Moreau's past resurfaces, and the investigation becomes more complicated.
Title: The Bad Guys | Genres: animation, comedy, action, family, crime | Overview: When the infamous Bad Guys are finally caught after years of countless heists and being the world’s most-wanted villains, Mr. Wolf brokers a deal to save them all from prison.
Title: Venom | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: Investigative journalist Eddie Brock attempts a comeback following a scandal, but accidentally becomes the host of Venom, a violent, super powerful alien symbiote. Soon, he must rely on his newfound powers to protect the world from a shadowy organization looking for a symbiote of their own.
Title: The Last Mercenary | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: A legendary secret service agent comes out of hiding and returns to France to help the son he's never met get out of trouble.
Title: Cars 2 | Genres: animation, family, adventure, comedy | Overview: Star race car Lightning McQueen and his pal Mater head overseas to compete in the World Grand Prix race. But the road to the championship becomes rocky as Mater gets caught up in an intriguing adventure of his own: international espionage.
Title: Downfall: The Case Against Boeing | Genres: documentary | Overview: Investigators reveal how Boeing’s alleged priority of profit over safety could have contributed to two catastrophic crashes within months of each other.
Title: Ratatouille | Genres: animation, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: Remy, a resident of Paris, appreciates good food and has quite a sophisticated palate. He would love to become a chef so he can create and enjoy culinary masterpieces to his heart's delight. The only problem is, Remy is a rat. When he winds up in the sewer beneath one of Paris' finest restaurants, the rodent gourmet finds himself ideally placed to realize his dream.
Title: Mickey and Minnie Wish Upon a Christmas | Genres: animation | Overview: After a series of mishaps, Mickey, Minnie and the gang are separated all over the world and must try to get back to Hot Dog Hills by Christmas Eve. A mysterious and jolly stranger shows up to tell them about The Wishing Star, which could be the secret to bringing everybody home in time to celebrate together.
Title: Dragon Ball Z: Broly – The Legendary Super Saiyan | Genres: animation, science fiction, action | Overview: While the Saiyan Paragus persuades Vegeta to rule a new planet, King Kai alerts Goku of the South Galaxy's destruction by an unknown Super Saiyan.
Title: Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness | Genres: fantasy, action, adventure | Overview: Doctor Strange, with the help of mystical allies both old and new, traverses the mind-bending and dangerous alternate realities of the Multiverse to confront a mysterious new adversary.
Title: Death on the Nile | Genres: mystery, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Belgian sleuth Hercule Poirot boards a glamorous river steamer with enough champagne to fill the Nile. But his Egyptian vacation turns into a thrilling search for a murderer when a picture-perfect couple’s idyllic honeymoon is tragically cut short.
Title: Army of the Dead | Genres: action, crime, horror, thriller | Overview: Following a zombie outbreak in Las Vegas, a group of mercenaries take the ultimate gamble: venturing into the quarantine zone to pull off the greatest heist ever attempted.
Title: Home Sweet Home Alone | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: After being left at home by himself for the holidays, 10-year-old Max Mercer must work to defend his home from a married couple who tries to steal back a valuable heirloom.
Title: Carriers | Genres: action, drama, horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A deadly virus has spread across the globe. Contagion is everywhere, no one is safe, and no one can be trusted. Four friends race through the back roads of the American West on their way to a secluded utopian beach in the Gulf of Mexico where they could peacefully wait out the pandemic. Their plans take a grim turn when their car breaks down on an isolated road starting a chain of events that will seal their fates.
Title: Boyka: Undisputed IV | Genres: action, drama | Overview: In the fourth installment of the fighting franchise, Boyka is shooting for the big leagues when an accidental death in the ring makes him question everything he stands for. When he finds out the wife of the man he accidentally killed is in trouble, Boyka offers to fight in a series of impossible battles to free her from a life of servitude
"Title: 2012 | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Dr. Adrian Helmsley, part of a worldwide geophysical team investigating the effect on the earth of radiation from unprecedented solar storms, learns that the earth's core is heating up. He warns U.S. President Thomas Wilson that the crust of the earth is becoming unstable and that without proper preparations for saving a fraction of the world's population, the entire race is doomed. Meanwhile, writer Jackson Curtis stumbles on the same information. While the world's leaders race to build ""arks"" to escape the impending cataclysm, Curtis struggles to find a way to save his family. Meanwhile, volcanic eruptions and earthquakes of unprecedented strength wreak havoc around the world."
Title: Why Women Cheat | Genres: romance | Overview: The male lead is the king of a small island nation. He was previously badly hurt by the female lead. The female lead has a canine tooth that makes her look extremely captivating when she smiles. When the female lead vanished, the male lead became extremely fond of sleeping because he did not want to miss her. As fate would have it, the male lead married the female lead in the end. He decided to properly torment that adorable yet horrible woman for a while
Title: Sing | Genres: animation, comedy, family, music | Overview: A koala named Buster recruits his best friend to help him drum up business for his theater by hosting a singing competition.
Title: Green Lantern | Genres: adventure, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: For centuries, a small but powerful force of warriors called the Green Lantern Corps has sworn to keep intergalactic order. Each Green Lantern wears a ring that grants him superpowers. But when a new enemy called Parallax threatens to destroy the balance of power in the Universe, their fate and the fate of Earth lie in the hands of the first human ever recruited.
Title: Peninsula | Genres: action, horror, thriller | Overview: A soldier and his team battle hordes of post-apocalyptic zombies in the wastelands of the Korean Peninsula.
Title: Ted 2 | Genres: comedy | Overview: Newlywed couple Ted and Tami-Lynn want to have a baby, but in order to qualify to be a parent, Ted will have to prove he's a person in a court of law.
Title: High School Teacher: Maturing | Genres: drama | Overview: A female highschool teacher must deal with sexual harrassment from her students and being trapped in a love triangle with two men, neither of whom has any interest in marrying her.
Title: Wonder Woman | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: An Amazon princess comes to the world of Man in the grips of the First World War to confront the forces of evil and bring an end to human conflict.
Title: A Day to Die | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: A disgraced parole officer is indebted to a local gang leader and forced to pull off a series of dangerous drug heists within twelve hours in order to pay the $2 million dollars he owes, rescue his kidnapped pregnant wife, and settle a score with the city's corrupt police chief, who is working with the gang leader and double-crossed him years ago.
Title: Cosmic Sin | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: In the year 2524, four centuries after humans started colonizing the outer planets, retired General James Ford gets called back into service when a hostile alien fleet attacks soldiers on a remote planet. The threat against mankind soon escalates into an interstellar war as Ford and a team of elite soldiers try to stop the imminent attack before it's too late.
Title: Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: Captain Barbossa, long believed to be dead, has come back to life and is headed to the edge of the Earth with Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann. But nothing is quite as it seems.
Title: Legion | Genres: horror, action, fantasy | Overview: When God loses faith in humankind, he sends his legion of angels to bring on the Apocalypse. Humanity's only hope for survival lies in a group of strangers trapped in an out-of-the-way, desert diner with the Archangel Michael.
Title: Rascal Does Not Dream of a Dreaming Girl | Genres: animation, comedy, romance, drama, fantasy | Overview: In Fujisawa, Sakuta Azusagawa is in his second year of high school. Blissful days with his girlfriend and upperclassman, Mai Sakurajima, are interrupted by the appearance of his first crush, Shoko Makinohara.
Title: Peter Rabbit 2: The Runaway | Genres: family, comedy, adventure, animation, fantasy | Overview: Bea, Thomas, and the rabbits have created a makeshift family, but despite his best efforts, Peter can’t seem to shake his mischievous reputation. Adventuring out of the garden, Peter finds himself in a world where his mischief is appreciated, but when his family risks everything to come looking for him, Peter must figure out what kind of bunny he wants to be.
"Title: Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Gods | Genres: animation, action, science fiction | Overview: The events of Battle of Gods take place some years after the battle with Majin Buu, which determined the fate of the entire universe. After awakening from a long slumber, Beerus, the God of Destruction is visited by Whis, his attendant and learns that the galactic overlord Frieza has been defeated by a Super Saiyan from the North Quadrant of the universe named Goku, who is also a former student of the North Kai. Ecstatic over the new challenge, Goku ignores King Kai's advice and battles Beerus, but he is easily overwhelmed and defeated. Beerus leaves, but his eerie remark of ""Is there nobody on Earth more worthy to destroy?"" lingers on. Now it is up to the heroes to stop the God of Destruction before all is lost."
Title: My Little Pony: A New Generation | Genres: animation, family, fantasy, comedy, music, adventure | Overview: Equestria's divided. But a bright-eyed hero believes Earth Ponies, Pegasi and Unicorns should be pals — and, hoof to heart, she’s determined to prove it.
Title: Redemption Day | Genres: action | Overview: When his wife is kidnapped by terrorists for ransom, veteran war hero Brad Paxton races against the clock to rescue her in a daring and deadly operation that pits him against powerful and dark forces.
Title: Journey 2: The Mysterious Island | Genres: adventure, action, science fiction | Overview: Sean Anderson partners with his mom's boyfriend on a mission to find his grandfather, who is thought to be missing on a mythical island.
Title: Love & Other Drugs | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: Maggie is an alluring free spirit who won't let anyone – or anything – tie her down. But she meets her match in Jamie, whose relentless and nearly infallible charm serves him well with the ladies and in the cutthroat world of pharmaceutical sales. Maggie and Jamie's evolving relationship takes them both by surprise, as they find themselves under the influence of the ultimate drug: love.
Title: The King's Daughter | Genres: fantasy, drama, romance, history | Overview: King Louis XIV's quest for immortality leads him to capture and steal a mermaid's life force, a move that is further complicated by his illegitimate daughter's discovery of the creature.
Title: Deadpool 2 | Genres: action, comedy, adventure | Overview: Wisecracking mercenary Deadpool battles the evil and powerful Cable and other bad guys to save a boy's life.
Title: The Fate of the Furious | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: When a mysterious woman seduces Dom into the world of crime and a betrayal of those closest to him, the crew face trials that will test them as never before.
Title: Hancock | Genres: fantasy, action | Overview: Hancock is a down-and-out superhero who's forced to employ a PR expert to help repair his image when the public grows weary of all the damage he's inflicted during his lifesaving heroics. The agent's idea of imprisoning the antihero to make the world miss him proves successful, but will Hancock stick to his new sense of purpose or slip back into old habits?
Title: The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 | Genres: science fiction, adventure, thriller | Overview: Katniss Everdeen reluctantly becomes the symbol of a mass rebellion against the autocratic Capitol.
Title: Dragon Ball Z: Broly – Second Coming | Genres: animation, action, science fiction | Overview: A Saiyan Space pod crash-lands on Earth out of which a wounded Saiyan crawls: Broly, the Legendary Super Saiyan. The wounded Broly shouts out in frustration and turns into normal form. The place soon freezes, trapping him in it and he falls into a coma.
Title: The Conjuring | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren work to help a family terrorized by a dark presence in their farmhouse. Forced to confront a powerful entity, the Warrens find themselves caught in the most terrifying case of their lives.
Title: Sweet & Sour | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Faced with real-world opportunities and challenges, a couple endures the highs and lows of trying to make a long-distance relationship survive.
Title: The Belly of the Sea | Genres: drama | Overview: June, 1816. A French navy frigate ran aground on a sandbar off the coast of Senegal. Attempts to free the board were futile - the crew had no choice but to abandon ship. Since the available boats were not enough to accommodate the entire crew, the team built a raft. It accommodated 147 people: soldiers, sailors, several passengers and officers. The plan was for the boats to tow the raft. But the cable broke and the raft drifted into the open sea. For those who were on the raft, a harsh and cruel struggle for life began.
Title: Grisaia: Phantom Trigger The Animation | Genres: action, animation | Overview: Following the Heath Oslo incident, the existence of the US-Japanese anti-terror organization CIRS has become a matter of public knowledge. CIRS has been rebuilt from the ground up, and its most covert functions spun off to a new agency: SORD (Social Ops, Research & Development). The goal of SORD is to train a new generation of operatives to defend the country against future threats. To that end, the organization has established a series of schools up and down the country. Mihama Academy, more-or-less left to rot after its abrupt closure, has been given new purpose as one such 'specialist training school'. It now entrusts the misfit girls who attend it with guns and live ammunition. No matter how much life grinds them down, what future awaits these girls, who've themselves chosen the path of the gun?
Title: Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: In 1926, Newt Scamander arrives at the Magical Congress of the United States of America with a magically expanded briefcase, which houses a number of dangerous creatures and their habitats. When the creatures escape from the briefcase, it sends the American wizarding authorities after Newt, and threatens to strain even further the state of magical and non-magical relations.
Title: World War Z | Genres: action, drama, horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Life for former United Nations investigator Gerry Lane and his family seems content. Suddenly, the world is plagued by a mysterious infection turning whole human populations into rampaging mindless zombies. After barely escaping the chaos, Lane is persuaded to go on a mission to investigate this disease. What follows is a perilous trek around the world where Lane must brave horrific dangers and long odds to find answers before human civilization falls.
Title: Barbie: Big City, Big Dreams | Genres: animation, music, family | Overview: Barbie swaps the sunny shores of Malibu for the bright lights of Broadway to attend an excusive summer performing arts program and meets…Barbie! Fast friends, the two discover they share more than a name as they explore New York City and all the amazing things they have in common. As they compete for the coveted once-in-a-lifetime Spotlight Solo from Times Square, the friends discover competition isn’t all about winning, it’s about striving to be your best, overcoming doubts, and sharing the spotlight.
Title: Teen Titans Go! See Space Jam | Genres: animation, action, adventure, comedy, family, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: The Teen Titans are visited by the Nerdlucks, the Space Jam villains who tried to capture Michael Jordan and the Looney Tunes. Astonished to discover his fellow Titans have never seen Space Jam, Cyborg organizes an exclusive watch party.
Title: Jolt | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: A bouncer with an anger management problem goes on a furious and resentful rampage after the murder of a friend.
Title: Once Upon a Snowman | Genres: animation, family, comedy, fantasy | Overview: The previously untold origins of Olaf, the innocent and insightful, summer-loving snowman are revealed as we follow Olaf’s first steps as he comes to life and searches for his identity in the snowy mountains outside Arendelle.
Title: Outlaws | Genres: crime | Overview: Introverted Girona student Nacho meets two delinquents from the city's Chinatown and gets caught up in a summer onslaught of burglaries and hold ups that will change his life.
Title: Mortal Kombat Legends: Battle of the Realms | Genres: animation, action, fantasy | Overview: The Earthrealm heroes must journey to the Outworld and fight for the survival of their homeland, invaded by the forces of evil warlord Shao Kahn, in the tournament to end all tournaments: the final Mortal Kombat.
Title: Rogue Hostage | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A former Marine races against time to save a group of hostages -- including his young daughter and a congressman — when armed militants take over his stepfather's store.
Title: Fifty Shades Freed | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Believing they have left behind shadowy figures from their past, newlyweds Christian and Ana fully embrace an inextricable connection and shared life of luxury. But just as she steps into her role as Mrs. Grey and he relaxes into an unfamiliar stability, new threats could jeopardize their happy ending before it even begins.
Title: Jiu Jitsu | Genres: action, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: Every six years, an ancient order of jiu-jitsu fighters joins forces to battle a vicious race of alien invaders. But when a celebrated war hero goes down in defeat, the fate of the planet and mankind hangs in the balance.
Title: Crank: High Voltage | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: Chelios faces a Chinese mobster who has stolen his nearly indestructible heart and replaced it with a battery-powered ticker that requires regular jolts of electricity to keep working.
Title: The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: Young hobbit Frodo Baggins, after inheriting a mysterious ring from his uncle Bilbo, must leave his home in order to keep it from falling into the hands of its evil creator. Along the way, a fellowship is formed to protect the ringbearer and make sure that the ring arrives at its final destination: Mt. Doom, the only place where it can be destroyed.
Title: Mulan | Genres: animation, family, adventure | Overview: A tomboyish girl disguises herself as a young man so she can fight with the Imperial Chinese Army against the invading Huns. With help from wise-cracking dragon Mushu, Mulan just might save her country -- and win the heart of handsome Captain Li Shang.
Title: Thor | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: Against his father Odin's will, The Mighty Thor - a powerful but arrogant warrior god - recklessly reignites an ancient war. Thor is cast down to Earth and forced to live among humans as punishment. Once here, Thor learns what it takes to be a true hero when the most dangerous villain of his world sends the darkest forces of Asgard to invade Earth.
Title: Sex and the City | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A New York writer on sex and love is finally getting married to her Mr. Big. But her three best girlfriends must console her after one of them inadvertently leads Mr. Big to jilt her.
Title: Masquerade | Genres: thriller | Overview: A young girl struggles to survive after a group of home invaders break into her house to steal her family's priceless artwork.
Title: The Little Mermaid | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: This colorful adventure tells the story of an impetuous mermaid princess named Ariel who falls in love with the very human Prince Eric and puts everything on the line for the chance to be with him. Memorable songs and characters -- including the villainous sea witch Ursula.
Title: More the Merrier | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Multiple stories about the oscillating world of couple relationships and how difficult it can be to separate sex from love.
Title: The Exorcism of Carmen Farias | Genres: horror | Overview: Carmen, a brave journalist, discovers soon after her mother's death that she has inherited her grandma's house. She decides to move there without knowing it hides dark secrets.
Title: Train to Busan | Genres: action, horror, thriller | Overview: Martial law is declared when a mysterious viral outbreak pushes Korea into a state of emergency. Those on an express train to Busan, a city that has successfully fended off the viral outbreak, must fight for their own survival…
Title: Frozen | Genres: animation, family, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Young princess Anna of Arendelle dreams about finding true love at her sister Elsa’s coronation. Fate takes her on a dangerous journey in an attempt to end the eternal winter that has fallen over the kingdom. She's accompanied by ice delivery man Kristoff, his reindeer Sven, and snowman Olaf. On an adventure where she will find out what friendship, courage, family, and true love really means.
Title: Naruto Shippuden the Movie: Road to Ninja | Genres: animation, fantasy, action | Overview: Sixteen years ago, a mysterious masked ninja unleashes a powerful creature known as the Nine-Tailed Demon Fox on the Hidden Leaf Village Konoha, killing many people. In response, the Fourth Hokage Minato Namikaze and his wife Kushina Uzumaki, the Demon Fox's living prison or Jinchūriki, manage to seal the creature inside their newborn son Naruto Uzumaki. With the Tailed Beast sealed, things continued as normal. However, in the present day, peace ended when a group of ninja called the Akatsuki attack Konoha under the guidance of Tobi, the mysterious masked man behind Fox's rampage years ago who intends on executing his plan to rule the world by shrouding it in illusions.
"Title: Inception | Genres: action, science fiction, adventure | Overview: Cobb, a skilled thief who commits corporate espionage by infiltrating the subconscious of his targets is offered a chance to regain his old life as payment for a task considered to be impossible: ""inception"", the implantation of another person's idea into a target's subconscious."
Title: Girl in the Basement | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: Sara is a teen girl who is looking forward to her 18th birthday to move away from her controlling father Don. But before she could even blow out the candles, Don imprisons her in the basement of their home.
Title: The Proposal | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: When she learns she's in danger of losing her visa status and being deported, overbearing book editor Margaret Tate forces her put-upon assistant, Andrew Paxton, to marry her.
Title: Goblin Slayer: Goblin's Crown | Genres: animation, adventure, action, fantasy | Overview: Goblin Slayer and his party head up to the snowy mountains in the north after receiving that request from the Sword Maiden to find any information on the Noble Fencer that disappeared after leaving to slay some goblins. A small village gets attacked, they encounter a mysterious chapel, and something about how these goblins are acting bothers the Goblin slayer. In order to save the captured Noble Fencer, the Goblin Slayer and his party head to an ancient fortress covered in snow to face off with a powerful foe and a horde of goblins!
Title: Cinderella | Genres: family, fantasy, animation, romance | Overview: Cinderella has faith her dreams of a better life will come true. With help from her loyal mice friends and a wave of her Fairy Godmother's wand, Cinderella's rags are magically turned into a glorious gown and off she goes to the Royal Ball. But when the clock strikes midnight, the spell is broken, leaving a single glass slipper... the only key to the ultimate fairy-tale ending!
Title: El amarre | Genres: horror | Overview: A woman has a crush with a coworker and makes a ritual to make him fall in love with her, but things got a little out of hand when she messes with forces no one can control.
Title: The Hangover | Genres: comedy | Overview: When three friends finally come to after a raucous night of bachelor-party revelry, they find a baby in the closet and a tiger in the bathroom. But they can't seem to locate their best friend, Doug – who's supposed to be tying the knot. Launching a frantic search for Doug, the trio perseveres through a nasty hangover to try to make it to the church on time.
Title: Charlie and the Chocolate Factory | Genres: adventure, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: A young boy wins a tour through the most magnificent chocolate factory in the world, led by the world's most unusual candy maker.
Title: Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Three years after the demise of Jurassic World, a volcanic eruption threatens the remaining dinosaurs on Isla Nublar. So, Claire Dearing recruits Owen Grady to help prevent the extinction of the dinosaurs once again.
Title: John Wick: Chapter 2 | Genres: thriller, action, crime | Overview: John Wick is forced out of retirement by a former associate looking to seize control of a shadowy international assassins’ guild. Bound by a blood oath to aid him, Wick travels to Rome and does battle against some of the world’s most dangerous killers.
Title: Mamá o papá | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Flora and Victor are fun, modern, caring parents. That is, until they decide to get a divorce, and the perfect job opportunity turns up for them. They now have one problem: custody.
"Title: Toy Story 4 | Genres: family, adventure, animation, comedy, fantasy, drama | Overview: Woody has always been confident about his place in the world and that his priority is taking care of his kid, whether that's Andy or Bonnie. But when Bonnie adds a reluctant new toy called ""Forky"" to her room, a road trip adventure alongside old and new friends will show Woody how big the world can be for a toy."
Title: Twilight | Genres: fantasy, drama, romance | Overview: When Bella Swan moves to a small town in the Pacific Northwest, she falls in love with Edward Cullen, a mysterious classmate who reveals himself to be a 108-year-old vampire. Despite Edward's repeated cautions, Bella can't stay away from him, a fatal move that endangers her own life.
Title: Kingsman: The Secret Service | Genres: crime, comedy, action, adventure | Overview: The story of a super-secret spy organization that recruits an unrefined but promising street kid into the agency's ultra-competitive training program just as a global threat emerges from a twisted tech genius.
Title: The Unforgivable | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: A woman is released from prison after serving a sentence for a violent crime and re-enters a society that refuses to forgive her past.
Title: Pacific Rim | Genres: action, science fiction, adventure | Overview: A ragtag band of humans band together in the year 2025 to fight legions of monstrous creatures rising from the sea. Using massive piloted robots to combat the alien threat, earth's survivors take the fight to the invading alien force lurking in the depths of the Pacific Ocean. Nearly defenseless in the face of the relentless enemy, the forces of mankind have no choice but to turn to two unlikely heroes -- a washed up former pilot and an untested trainee -- who now stand as earth's final hope against the mounting apocalypse.
Title: PAW Patrol: Jet To The Rescue | Genres: family, animation | Overview: A royal relative steals a gem with the power to make things fly, the Paw Patrol takes to the skies to stop him and save Barkingburg.
Title: Titanic | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: 101-year-old Rose DeWitt Bukater tells the story of her life aboard the Titanic, 84 years later. A young Rose boards the ship with her mother and fiancé. Meanwhile, Jack Dawson and Fabrizio De Rossi win third-class tickets aboard the ship. Rose tells the whole story from Titanic's departure through to its death—on its first and last voyage—on April 15, 1912.
Title: The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: Bilbo Baggins, a hobbit enjoying his quiet life, is swept into an epic quest by Gandalf the Grey and thirteen dwarves who seek to reclaim their mountain home from Smaug, the dragon.
Title: The Conjuring 2 | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Lorraine and Ed Warren travel to north London to help a single mother raising four children alone in a house plagued by malicious spirits.
Title: Four to Dinner | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: In this rom-com challenging the concept of soulmates, parallel storylines portray four single friends as they pair up in different couple combinations.
Title: Jack Reacher: Never Go Back | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: When Major Susan Turner is arrested for treason, ex-investigator Jack Reacher undertakes the challenging task to prove her innocence and ends up exposing a shocking conspiracy.
Title: Jurassic World Dominion | Genres: adventure, action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Four years after Isla Nublar was destroyed, dinosaurs now live—and hunt—alongside humans all over the world. This fragile balance will reshape the future and determine, once and for all, whether human beings are to remain the apex predators on a planet they now share with history’s most fearsome creatures.
Title: Bordertown: The Mural Murders | Genres: crime | Overview: A mural painted with blood is found on the wall of Pasila train station, which depicts Finland's best-known serial killer Lasse Maasalo. The text in the mural, “Making the world a better place”, is linked to a voting circulating in social media, where people can vote for persons that world would be a better place without. Soon the first body is found and Sorjonen must find the person who has named himself as The Judge.
Title: The Misfits | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: After being recruited by a group of unconventional thieves, renowned criminal Richard Pace finds himself caught up in an elaborate gold heist that promises to have far-reaching implications on his life and the lives of countless others.
Title: Awake | Genres: drama, science fiction, thriller | Overview: After a sudden global event wipes out all electronics and takes away humankind’s ability to sleep, chaos quickly begins to consume the world. Only Jill, an ex-soldier with a troubled past, may hold the key to a cure in the form of her own daughter. The question is, can Jill safely deliver her daughter and save the world before she herself loses her mind.
Title: Dhamaka | Genres: thriller, drama, crime | Overview: When a cynical ex-TV news anchor gets an alarming call on his radio show, he sees a chance for a career comeback — but it may cost his conscience.
"Title: Fight Club | Genres: drama | Overview: A ticking-time-bomb insomniac and a slippery soap salesman channel primal male aggression into a shocking new form of therapy. Their concept catches on, with underground ""fight clubs"" forming in every town, until an eccentric gets in the way and ignites an out-of-control spiral toward oblivion."
Title: The Lion King | Genres: adventure, family, animation | Overview: Simba idolizes his father, King Mufasa, and takes to heart his own royal destiny. But not everyone in the kingdom celebrates the new cub's arrival. Scar, Mufasa's brother—and former heir to the throne—has plans of his own. The battle for Pride Rock is ravaged with betrayal, tragedy and drama, ultimately resulting in Simba's exile. With help from a curious pair of newfound friends, Simba will have to figure out how to grow up and take back what is rightfully his.
Title: Malignant | Genres: thriller, horror, mystery | Overview: Madison is paralyzed by shocking visions of grisly murders, and her torment worsens as she discovers that these waking dreams are in fact terrifying realities with a mysterious tie to her past.
Title: The Karate Kid | Genres: action, adventure, drama, family | Overview: Twelve-year-old Dre Parker could have been the most popular kid in Detroit, but his mother's latest career move has landed him in China. Dre immediately falls for his classmate Mei Ying but the cultural differences make such a friendship impossible. Even worse, Dre's feelings make him an enemy of the class bully, Cheng. With no friends in a strange land, Dre has nowhere to turn but maintenance man Mr. Han, who is a kung fu master. As Han teaches Dre that kung fu is not about punches and parries, but maturity and calm, Dre realizes that facing down the bullies will be the fight of his life.
Title: Morbius | Genres: action, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: Dangerously ill with a rare blood disorder, and determined to save others suffering his same fate, Dr. Michael Morbius attempts a desperate gamble. What at first appears to be a radical success soon reveals itself to be a remedy potentially worse than the disease.
Title: ¡Qué Despadre! | Genres: comedy, family, romance | Overview: Pedro is a single man in his forties who likes to party, has no children and lives at night. Everything changes when he meets Alin. She mentions to him that she is looking for her dad and that there is a high probability that it is him.
Title: Wrong Turn | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Jen and a group of friends set out to hike the Appalachian Trail. Despite warnings to stick to the trail, the hikers stray off course—and cross into land inhabited by The Foundation, a hidden community of mountain dwellers who use deadly means to protect their way of life.
Title: The Flash | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, fantasy, drama | Overview: The Flash travels back in time to prevent the murder of his mother, an act which disrupts time significantly.
Title: Black Panther | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: King T'Challa returns home to the reclusive, technologically advanced African nation of Wakanda to serve as his country's new leader. However, T'Challa soon finds that he is challenged for the throne by factions within his own country as well as without. Using powers reserved to Wakandan kings, T'Challa assumes the Black Panther mantle to join with ex-girlfriend Nakia, the queen-mother, his princess-kid sister, members of the Dora Milaje (the Wakandan 'special forces') and an American secret agent, to prevent Wakanda from being dragged into a world war.
Title: A Silent Voice: The Movie | Genres: animation, drama | Overview: Shouya Ishida starts bullying the new girl in class, Shouko Nishimiya, because she is deaf. But as the teasing continues, the rest of the class starts to turn on Shouya for his lack of compassion. When they leave elementary school, Shouko and Shouya do not speak to each other again... until an older, wiser Shouya, tormented by his past behaviour, decides he must see Shouko once more. He wants to atone for his sins, but is it already too late...?
Title: Finding Nemo | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Nemo, an adventurous young clownfish, is unexpectedly taken from his Great Barrier Reef home to a dentist's office aquarium. It's up to his worrisome father Marlin and a friendly but forgetful fish Dory to bring Nemo home -- meeting vegetarian sharks, surfer dude turtles, hypnotic jellyfish, hungry seagulls, and more along the way.
Title: Taken 3 | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: Ex-government operative Bryan Mills finds his life is shattered when he's falsely accused of a murder that hits close to home. As he's pursued by a savvy police inspector, Mills employs his particular set of skills to track the real killer and exact his unique brand of justice.
Title: The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: Aragorn is revealed as the heir to the ancient kings as he, Gandalf and the other members of the broken fellowship struggle to save Gondor from Sauron's forces. Meanwhile, Frodo and Sam take the ring closer to the heart of Mordor, the dark lord's realm.
Title: The Texas Chainsaw Massacre | Genres: horror | Overview: After picking up a traumatized young hitchhiker, five friends find themselves stalked and hunted by a chainsaw-wielding killer and his family of equally psychopathic killers.
Title: Vivo | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: A music-loving kinkajou named Vivo embarks on the journey of a lifetime to fulfill his destiny and deliver a love song for an old friend.
Title: Batman: Death in the Family | Genres: animation, action | Overview: Tragedy strikes the Batman's life again when Robin Jason Todd tracks down his birth mother only to run afoul of the Joker. An adaptation of the 1988 comic book storyline of the same name.
Title: Weathering with You | Genres: animation, drama, fantasy, romance | Overview: The summer of his high school freshman year, Hodaka runs away from his remote island home to Tokyo, and quickly finds himself pushed to his financial and personal limits. The weather is unusually gloomy and rainy every day, as if taking its cue from his life. After many days of solitude, he finally finds work as a freelance writer for a mysterious occult magazine. Then, one day, Hodaka meets Hina on a busy street corner. This bright and strong-willed girl possesses a strange and wonderful ability: the power to stop the rain and clear the sky.
Title: The Incredibles | Genres: action, adventure, animation, family | Overview: Bob Parr has given up his superhero days to log in time as an insurance adjuster and raise his three children with his formerly heroic wife in suburbia. But when he receives a mysterious assignment, it's time to get back into costume.
Title: Coming 2 America | Genres: comedy | Overview: Prince Akeem Joffer is set to become King of Zamunda when he discovers he has a son he never knew about in America – a street savvy Queens native named Lavelle. Honoring his royal father's dying wish to groom this son as the crown prince, Akeem and Semmi set off to America once again.
Title: Spoiled Brats | Genres: comedy | Overview: The billionaire is tired of the whims of his own children and decides to teach them a lesson. He announces to them that he has become bankrupt. Now spoiled teenagers will have to do what they have never done: go to work, learn to love and value life.
Title: Iron Man | Genres: action, science fiction, adventure | Overview: After being held captive in an Afghan cave, billionaire engineer Tony Stark creates a unique weaponized suit of armor to fight evil.
Title: Plan A | Genres: thriller | Overview: Germany 1945, Max, a Jewish Holocaust survivor, meets a radical group of Jewish resistance fighters, who, like him, lost all hope for their future after they were robbed of their existence and their entire families were killed by the Nazis. They dream of retaliation on an epic scale for the Jewish people. An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. Max starts identifying with the group's monstrous plans...
Title: Escape Room: Tournament of Champions | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: Six people unwittingly find themselves locked in another series of escape rooms, slowly uncovering what they have in common to survive as they discover all the games that they've played before.
Title: Batman & Robin | Genres: science fiction, action, fantasy | Overview: Batman and Robin deal with relationship issues while preventing Mr. Freeze and Poison Ivy from attacking Gotham City.
Title: Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter | Genres: action, fantasy, horror | Overview: President Lincoln's mother is killed by a supernatural creature, which fuels his passion to crush vampires and their slave-owning helpers.
Title: Jurassic World | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Twenty-two years after the events of Jurassic Park, Isla Nublar now features a fully functioning dinosaur theme park, Jurassic World, as originally envisioned by John Hammond.
Title: After Porn Ends 2 | Genres: documentary | Overview: After Porn Ends 2 picks up where its predecessor left off and not only turns back the clock to meet the oldest living stars in adult film's history, but goes in depth with some of Its most current retirees and juxtaposes their experiences in a life after porn. Delving deeper into society's ongoing stigmas of race, misogyny, and the reality of decreasing opportunities for these former VHS box cover stars. For some, their careers in adult entertainment is accepted proudly and without regret. In fact, it seems to have proven to be the pathway to their current happiness and inner peace. For others, however, a career in porn has proven to be a conduit to certain despair as they struggle to find a way to bury their past and emerge with a new career or calling.
Title: Rurouni Kenshin: The Final | Genres: action, adventure, drama | Overview: In 1879, Kenshin and his allies face their strongest enemy yet: his former brother-in-law Enishi Yukishiro and his minions, who've vowed their revenge.
Title: Naruto Shippuden the Movie: Blood Prison | Genres: thriller, animation, action, comedy, horror, mystery | Overview: After his capture for attempted assassination of the Raikage, leader of Kumogakure, as well as killing Jōnin from Kirigakure and Iwagakure, Naruto is imprisoned in Hōzukijou: A criminal containment facility known as the Blood Prison. Mui, the castle master, uses the ultimate imprisonment technique to steal power from the prisoners, which is when Naruto notices his life has been targeted. Thus begins the battle to uncover the truth behind the mysterious murders and prove Naruto's innocence.
Title: The Trip | Genres: action, comedy, thriller, horror | Overview: A dysfunctional couple head to a remote lakeside cabin under the guise of reconnecting, but each has secret designs to kill the other. Before they can carry out their respective plans, unexpected visitors arrive and the couple is faced with a greater danger than anything they could have plotted.
Title: Grown Ups | Genres: comedy | Overview: After their high school basketball coach passes away, five good friends and former teammates reunite for a Fourth of July holiday weekend.
Title: Dragon Ball Z: Bio-Broly | Genres: animation, action, science fiction | Overview: Jaga Bada, Mr. Satan's old sparring partner, has invited Satan to his personal island to hold a grudge match. Trunks and Goten decide to come for the adventure and Android #18 is following Satan for the money he owes her. Little do they know that Jaga Bada's scientist have found a way to resurrect Broly, the legendary Super Saiyan.
Title: Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales | Genres: adventure, action, fantasy | Overview: Thrust into an all-new adventure, a down-on-his-luck Capt. Jack Sparrow feels the winds of ill-fortune blowing even more strongly when deadly ghost sailors led by his old nemesis, the evil Capt. Salazar, escape from the Devil's Triangle. Jack's only hope of survival lies in seeking out the legendary Trident of Poseidon, but to find it, he must forge an uneasy alliance with a brilliant and beautiful astronomer and a headstrong young man in the British navy.
Title: Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs | Genres: animation, comedy, family, adventure | Overview: Times are changing for Manny the moody mammoth, Sid the motor mouthed sloth and Diego the crafty saber-toothed tiger. Life heats up for our heroes when they meet some new and none-too-friendly neighbors – the mighty dinosaurs.
Title: The Penitent Thief | Genres: drama | Overview: The story of the two unnamed men who were crucified alongside Jesus and how they came to be beside him on the cross that fateful day. Dismas and his brother Jotham, along with Gestas, another young man who will share their fate, suffer tragedy and injustice at the hands of a band of thieves and a ruthless Roman centurion. Theirs is a story of survival against the odds, but they cannot outrun their destiny.
Title: Pokémon the Movie: Secrets of the Jungle | Genres: animation, adventure | Overview: In the Forest of Okoya, Koko is a feral child who has been raised as a Pokémon by the Mythical Pokémon Zarude. Koko has grown up never doubting that he is a Pokémon even though he can't really use any sort of moves. Ash Ketchum and Pikachu meet Koko and help him protect the Great Tree from the crooked scientist Dr. Zed.
Title: Scooby-Doo | Genres: mystery, adventure, comedy | Overview: The Mystery Inc. gang have gone their separate ways and have been apart for two years, until they each receive an invitation to Spooky Island. Not knowing that the others have also been invited, they show up and discover an amusement park that affects young visitors in very strange ways.
Title: Tangled | Genres: animation, family | Overview: When the kingdom's most wanted-and most charming-bandit Flynn Rider hides out in a mysterious tower, he's taken hostage by Rapunzel, a beautiful and feisty tower-bound teen with 70 feet of magical, golden hair. Flynn's curious captor, who's looking for her ticket out of the tower where she's been locked away for years, strikes a deal with the handsome thief and the unlikely duo sets off on an action-packed escapade, complete with a super-cop horse, an over-protective chameleon and a gruff gang of pub thugs.
Title: Iron Man 3 | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: When Tony Stark's world is torn apart by a formidable terrorist called the Mandarin, he starts an odyssey of rebuilding and retribution.
Title: The Last Airbender | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: The story follows the adventures of Aang, a young successor to a long line of Avatars, who must put his childhood ways aside and stop the Fire Nation from enslaving the Water, Earth and Air nations.
Title: Catch the Bullet | Genres: western, action | Overview: U.S. marshal Britt MacMasters returns from a mission to find his father wounded and his son kidnapped by the outlaw Jed Blake. Hot on their trail, Britt forms a posse with a gunslinging deputy and a stoic Pawnee tracker. But Jed and Britt tread dangerously close to the Red Desert’s Sioux territory.
Title: Jumanji: The Next Level | Genres: adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: As the gang return to Jumanji to rescue one of their own, they discover that nothing is as they expect. The players will have to brave parts unknown and unexplored in order to escape the world’s most dangerous game.
Title: Fifty Shades Darker | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: When a wounded Christian Grey tries to entice a cautious Ana Steele back into his life, she demands a new arrangement before she will give him another chance. As the two begin to build trust and find stability, shadowy figures from Christian’s past start to circle the couple, determined to destroy their hopes for a future together.
Title: The Loud House Movie | Genres: animation, family, comedy, music, fantasy | Overview: The Loud family travel to Scotland and discover they are descendants of Scottish royalty as they move into their giant ancestral castle.
Title: The Secret to Be Told: Relationship With My Aunt | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Minwoo falls in love with an aunt younger than herself. The angry parents force him to study abroad, I met a new girl there and raised love, and three years later, they return to Korea. Minwoo, who has not forgotten her aunt, falls in deep love with her hot again. Meanwhile, my aunt, who had been a celebrity life, informed the agency that she would quit her job. The agency is angry with this, and learns about the relationship between the two while looking behind her and starts threatening.
Title: This Is Not a Comedy | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: A comedian finds new meaning in his life when his best friend asks him to be her sperm donor, and he meets a girl who connects with the cosmos.
Title: Fear Street: 1994 | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: After a series of brutal slayings, a teen and her friends take on an evil force that's plagued their notorious town for centuries.
Title: Justice League | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Fuelled by his restored faith in humanity and inspired by Superman's selfless act, Bruce Wayne and Diana Prince assemble a team of metahumans consisting of Barry Allen, Arthur Curry and Victor Stone to face the catastrophic threat of Steppenwolf and the Parademons who are on the hunt for three Mother Boxes on Earth.
Title: Incredibles 2 | Genres: action, adventure, animation, family | Overview: Elastigirl springs into action to save the day, while Mr. Incredible faces his greatest challenge yet – taking care of the problems of his three children.
Title: Ready Player One | Genres: science fiction, adventure, action | Overview: When the creator of a popular video game system dies, a virtual contest is created to compete for his fortune.
Title: Fantastic Beasts: The Secrets of Dumbledore | Genres: fantasy, adventure | Overview: In an effort to thwart Grindelwald's plans of raising pure-blood wizards to rule over all non-magical beings, Albus Dumbledore enlists his former student Newt Scamander, who agrees to help, though he's unaware of the dangers that lie ahead. Lines are drawn as love and loyalty are tested, even among the truest friends and family, in an increasingly divided wizarding world.
Title: Snoopy Presents: For Auld Lang Syne | Genres: animation, family | Overview: After finding out her grandmother won't be visiting for Christmas, Lucy decides to cheer herself up by throwing the ultimate New Year's Eve party. Meanwhile, Charlie Brown tries to fulfill one of his resolutions before the clock strikes midnight.
Title: Scary Movie | Genres: comedy | Overview: A familiar-looking group of teenagers find themselves being stalked by a more-than-vaguely recognizable masked killer! As the victims begin to pile up and the laughs pile on, none of your favorite scary movies escape the razor-sharp satire of this outrageously funny parody!
Title: No One Gets Out Alive | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: An immigrant in search of the American dream is forced to take a room in a boarding house and soon finds herself in a nightmare from which she can't escape.
Title: Interstellar | Genres: adventure, drama, science fiction | Overview: The adventures of a group of explorers who make use of a newly discovered wormhole to surpass the limitations on human space travel and conquer the vast distances involved in an interstellar voyage.
Title: The Lego Batman Movie | Genres: animation, family, action, comedy, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: A cooler-than-ever Bruce Wayne must deal with the usual suspects as they plan to rule Gotham City, while discovering that he has accidentally adopted a teenage orphan who wishes to become his sidekick.
Title: Pokémon Detective Pikachu | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: In a world where people collect pocket-size monsters (Pokémon) to do battle, a boy comes across an intelligent monster who seeks to be a detective.
Title: Kate | Genres: action | Overview: A ruthless criminal operative has less than 24 hours to exact revenge on her enemies and in the process forms an unexpected bond with the daughter of one of her past victims.
Title: The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: Siblings Lucy, Edmund, Susan and Peter step through a magical wardrobe and find the land of Narnia. There, they discover a charming, once peaceful kingdom that has been plunged into eternal winter by the evil White Witch, Jadis. Aided by the wise and magnificent lion, Aslan, the children lead Narnia into a spectacular, climactic battle to be free of the Witch's glacial powers forever.
Title: The Parent Trap | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Hallie Parker and Annie James are identical twins separated at a young age because of their parents' divorce. Unknowingly to their parents, the girls are sent to the same summer camp where they meet, discover the truth about themselves, and then plot with each other to switch places.
Title: Beauty and the Beast | Genres: romance, family, animation, fantasy | Overview: Follow the adventures of Belle, a bright young woman who finds herself in the castle of a prince who's been turned into a mysterious beast. With the help of the castle's enchanted staff, Belle soon learns the most important lesson of all -- that true beauty comes from within.
Title: The Pilgrim's Progress | Genres: animation, adventure | Overview: An epic journey, faithfully adapted to modern-day. Christian faces distractions, challenges, and perils at every turn of the way. But ends victorious, with helpful guides, as he stays on the narrow path to the distant Celestial City.
Title: Thor: The Dark World | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Thor fights to restore order across the cosmos… but an ancient race led by the vengeful Malekith returns to plunge the universe back into darkness. Faced with an enemy that even Odin and Asgard cannot withstand, Thor must embark on his most perilous and personal journey yet, one that will reunite him with Jane Foster and force him to sacrifice everything to save us all.
Title: Dragon Ball GT: A Hero's Legacy | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: Son Goku Jr. is the great-great-great-great-grandson of the legendary martial artist Son Goku. However, unlike his predecessor he's not a brave fighter. He's constantly picked on by school bullies, his grandmother Pan sees this and she's worried, but even though Goku Jr. is not a strong and powerful Saiyan, he has a kind heart, and Pan loves him. When Pan gets sick Goku Jr. realizes he must do something if he doesn't want to lose Pan. Then he will remember about the legends of the Dragon Balls. It was told they granted a wish to the bearer, Goku Jr. needs a magical wish more than ever.
Title: The Simpsons Movie | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: After Homer accidentally pollutes the town's water supply, Springfield is encased in a gigantic dome by the EPA and the Simpsons are declared fugitives.
Title: John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: Super-assassin John Wick returns with a $14 million price tag on his head and an army of bounty-hunting killers on his trail. After killing a member of the shadowy international assassin’s guild, the High Table, John Wick is excommunicado, but the world’s most ruthless hit men and women await his every turn.
Title: Logan | Genres: action, drama, science fiction | Overview: In the near future, a weary Logan cares for an ailing Professor X in a hideout on the Mexican border. But Logan's attempts to hide from the world and his legacy are upended when a young mutant arrives, pursued by dark forces.
"Title: Transformers: Age of Extinction | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: As humanity picks up the pieces, following the conclusion of ""Transformers: Dark of the Moon,"" Autobots and Decepticons have all but vanished from the face of the planet. However, a group of powerful, ingenious businessman and scientists attempt to learn from past Transformer incursions and push the boundaries of technology beyond what they can control - all while an ancient, powerful Transformer menace sets Earth in his cross-hairs."
Title: Inside Out | Genres: animation, family, adventure, drama, comedy | Overview: Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Riley's guiding emotions— Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness—live in Headquarters, the control centre inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life and tries to keep things positive, but the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school.
Title: Bad Boys for Life | Genres: thriller, action, crime | Overview: Marcus and Mike are forced to confront new threats, career changes, and midlife crises as they join the newly created elite team AMMO of the Miami police department to take down the ruthless Armando Armas, the vicious leader of a Miami drug cartel.
Title: Voyagers | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: With the future of the human race at stake, a group of young men and women -- bred for intelligence and obedience -- embark on an expedition to colonize a distant planet. When they uncover disturbing secrets about the mission, they defy their training and begin to explore their most primitive natures. As life on the ship descends into chaos, they soon become consumed by fear, lust and an insatiable hunger for power.
Title: Terminator Genisys | Genres: science fiction, action, thriller, adventure | Overview: The year is 2029. John Connor, leader of the resistance continues the war against the machines. At the Los Angeles offensive, John's fears of the unknown future begin to emerge when TECOM spies reveal a new plot by SkyNet that will attack him from both fronts; past and future, and will ultimately change warfare forever.
Title: The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: Frodo and Sam are trekking to Mordor to destroy the One Ring of Power while Gimli, Legolas and Aragorn search for the orc-captured Merry and Pippin. All along, nefarious wizard Saruman awaits the Fellowship members at the Orthanc Tower in Isengard.
Title: Parasite | Genres: comedy, thriller, drama | Overview: All unemployed, Ki-taek's family takes peculiar interest in the wealthy and glamorous Parks for their livelihood until they get entangled in an unexpected incident.
Title: The Many Saints of Newark | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: Young Anthony Soprano is growing up in one of the most tumultuous eras in Newark, N.J., history, becoming a man just as rival gangsters start to rise up and challenge the all-powerful DiMeo crime family. Caught up in the changing times is the uncle he idolizes, Dickie Moltisanti, whose influence over his nephew will help shape the impressionable teenager into the all-powerful mob boss, Tony Soprano.
Title: Central Intelligence | Genres: action, comedy, mystery, crime | Overview: After he reunites with an old pal through Facebook, a mild-mannered accountant is lured into the world of international espionage.
Title: Up | Genres: animation, comedy, family, adventure | Overview: Carl Fredricksen spent his entire life dreaming of exploring the globe and experiencing life to its fullest. But at age 78, life seems to have passed him by, until a twist of fate (and a persistent 8-year old Wilderness Explorer named Russell) gives him a new lease on life.
Title: Law Abiding Citizen | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: A frustrated man decides to take justice into his own hands after a plea bargain sets one of his family's killers free. He targets not only the killer but also the district attorney and others involved in the deal.
Title: The Expendables | Genres: thriller, adventure, action | Overview: Barney Ross leads a band of highly skilled mercenaries including knife enthusiast Lee Christmas, a martial arts expert, heavy weapons specialist, demolitionist, and a loose-cannon sniper. When the group is commissioned by the mysterious Mr. Church to assassinate the dictator of a small South American island, Barney and Lee visit the remote locale to scout out their opposition and discover the true nature of the conflict engulfing the city.
Title: Fear Street: 1978 | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: In 1978, two rival groups at Camp Nightwing must band together to solve a terrifying mystery when horrors from their towns' history come alive.
Title: Birds of Prey (and the Fantabulous Emancipation of One Harley Quinn) | Genres: action, crime | Overview: Harley Quinn joins forces with a singer, an assassin and a police detective to help a young girl who had a hit placed on her after she stole a rare diamond from a crime lord.
Title: David and the Elves | Genres: family, fantasy, comedy | Overview: Christmas is drawing near, but it’s not a happy time for David. After moving to a big city, his parents have been bogged down with work and forgotten the meaning of Christmas. David decides to change that. Together with Albert the Elf, who escaped from the land of Santa to figure out what Christmas is all about, David sets off to Tatra Mountains, where his grandparents live, on a journey full of adventures.
Title: Predators | Genres: science fiction, action, thriller | Overview: A group of cold-blooded killers find themselves trapped on an alien planet to be hunted by extraterrestrial Predators.
Title: Body Brokers | Genres: thriller, crime | Overview: Utah and his girlfriend Opal, are drug addicts living on the streets in rural Ohio. After getting recruited by body broker Wood, and offered treatment in Los Angeles, Wood takes Utah under his wing and introduces him to treatment center mogul Vin. Wood and Vin bring Utah in on their lucrative and illegal dealings, where saving lives comes second to the bottom line.
Title: Skylines | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: When a virus threatens to turn the now earth-dwelling friendly alien hybrids against humans, Captain Rose Corley must lead a team of elite mercenaries on a mission to the alien world in order to save what's left of humanity.
Title: Fresh | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Frustrated by scrolling dating apps only to end up on lame, tedious dates, Noa takes a chance by giving her number to the awkwardly charming Steve after a produce-section meet-cute at the grocery store.
Title: Porn to Be Free | Genres: documentary | Overview: Italy, 1970. An increasing legion of harmless warriors begins a peaceful struggle for sexual freedom through pornography, shaking and shocking religious authorities and conservative political institutions. They are ironic, happy, crazy. They are dreamers, defenders of definitive communion between body and soul. But they were censored and humiliated. They were mistreated and arrested for demanding loud a new cultural renaissance.
Title: Solitary | Genres: science fiction | Overview: A man wakes up inside a room to discover he's a prisoner sent into space to form Earth's first colony, and worse - his cell mate Alana is hell bent on destroying everything.
Title: Spiral: From the Book of Saw | Genres: horror, crime, mystery | Overview: Working in the shadow of an esteemed police veteran, brash Detective Ezekiel “Zeke” Banks and his rookie partner take charge of a grisly investigation into murders that are eerily reminiscent of the city’s gruesome past. Unwittingly entrapped in a deepening mystery, Zeke finds himself at the center of the killer’s morbid game.
Title: Kingsman: The Golden Circle | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, crime, thriller | Overview: When an attack on the Kingsman headquarters takes place and a new villain rises, Eggsy and Merlin are forced to work together with the American agency known as the Statesman to save the world.
Title: 22 vs. Earth | Genres: family, comedy, fantasy, animation | Overview: Set before the events of ‘Soul’, 22 refuses to go to Earth, enlisting a gang of 5 new souls in attempt of rebellion. However, 22’s subversive plot leads to a surprising revelation about the meaning of life.
Title: Furious 7 | Genres: action, thriller, crime, adventure | Overview: Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Toretto and his family for his comatose brother.
Title: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 | Genres: adventure, action, science fiction | Overview: The Guardians must fight to keep their newfound family together as they unravel the mysteries of Peter Quill's true parentage.
Title: Toy Story 3 | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: Woody, Buzz, and the rest of Andy's toys haven't been played with in years. With Andy about to go to college, the gang find themselves accidentally left at a nefarious day care center. The toys must band together to escape and return home to Andy.
Title: Caged | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: An African American male is imprisoned and placed in solitary confinement after being found guilty of murdering his wife, as he's haunted by internal demons and his dead wife, and pushed to the breaking point by an abusive female guard.
Title: Honest Thief | Genres: thriller, action, crime, drama | Overview: A bank robber tries to turn himself in because he's falling in love and wants to live an honest life...but when he realizes the Feds are more corrupt than him, he must fight back to clear his name.
Title: Battle: Los Angeles | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: When once distant UFOs become a terrifying threat attacking Earth, a Marine staff sergeant and his team take it upon themselves to face the enemy and protect what remains of the planet.
Title: Ponyo | Genres: animation, fantasy, family | Overview: The son of a sailor, 5-year-old Sosuke, lives a quiet life on an oceanside cliff with his mother Lisa. One fateful day, he finds a beautiful goldfish trapped in a bottle on the beach and upon rescuing her, names her Ponyo. But she is no ordinary goldfish.
Title: Spirited Away | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: A young girl, Chihiro, becomes trapped in a strange new world of spirits. When her parents undergo a mysterious transformation, she must call upon the courage she never knew she had to free her family.
Title: Beauty and the Beast | Genres: family, fantasy, romance | Overview: A live-action adaptation of Disney's version of the classic tale of a cursed prince and a beautiful young woman who helps him break the spell.
Title: Night in Paradise | Genres: crime, drama, thriller, action | Overview: An assassin named Tae-goo is offered a chance to switch sides with his rival Bukseong gang, headed by Chairman Doh. Tae-goo rejects the offer that results in the murder of his sister and niece. In revenge, Tae-goo brutally kills Chairman Doh and his men and flees to Jeju Island where he meets Jae-yeon, a terminally ill woman. Though, the henchman of the Bukseong gang, Executive Ma is mercilessly hunting Tae-goo to take revenge.
Title: Dragon Ball Z: Cooler's Revenge | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: After defeating Frieza, Goku returns to Earth and goes on a camping trip with Gohan and Krillin. Everything is normal until Cooler - Frieza's brother - sends three henchmen after Goku. A long fight ensues between our heroes and Cooler, in which he transforms into the fourth stage of his evolution and has the edge in the fight... until Goku transforms into a Super Saiyan.
Title: No Manches Frida 2 | Genres: comedy | Overview: Ex-con Zequi and company come back for a new adventure.
Title: Please Enlighten Me | Genres: romance | Overview: A story between Lin Zhi Xiao, a graduating student from the Conservatory of Music, and her father's attending physician Gu Wei. Fourth-year student Lin Zhi Xiao hits rock bottom right before her graduation. Her father is hospitalized due to cancer leaving her no choice but to give up the chance to work at a reputable company. She also bears the pain from a relationship that has ended. All her beautiful imaginations towards love and her future are shattered in an instant. Just then, her father's doctor Gu Wei walks into Lin Zhi Xiao's life. When love begins, people often don't know that it's love. Two people who have been hurt before and no longer believe in love start to get to know each other. There are uncertainties and setbacks, misunderstandings and downturns, but in the process of falling in love, they become more assured that they have found the person to whom they can entrust the rest of their lives.
"Title: Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs | Genres: fantasy, animation, family | Overview: A beautiful girl, Snow White, takes refuge in the forest in the house of seven dwarfs to hide from her stepmother, the wicked Queen. The Queen is jealous because she wants to be known as ""the fairest in the land,"" and Snow White's beauty surpasses her own."
Title: Pokémon the Movie: I Choose You! | Genres: family, animation, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Ash Ketchum wakes up late one morning after having broken his alarm clock in his sleep. He eventually makes it to Professor Oak's lab, but is told that the three starter List of Pokémon (Bulbasaur, Squirtle, and Charmander) have already been taken by Trainers who were on time. However, Oak reveals that he has one more Pokémon, an Electric-type named Pikachu. Despite its volatile and feisty personality, as well as its refusal to get inside a Poké Ball, Ash happily takes Pikachu for his journey.
Title: Captain Marvel | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: The story follows Carol Danvers as she becomes one of the universe’s most powerful heroes when Earth is caught in the middle of a galactic war between two alien races. Set in the 1990s, Captain Marvel is an all-new adventure from a previously unseen period in the history of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Title: The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2 | Genres: adventure, fantasy, drama, romance | Overview: After the birth of Renesmee, the Cullens gather other vampire clans in order to protect the child from a false allegation that puts the family in front of the Volturi.
Title: Maleficent: Mistress of Evil | Genres: family, fantasy, adventure | Overview: Maleficent and her goddaughter Aurora begin to question the complex family ties that bind them as they are pulled in different directions by impending nuptials, unexpected allies, and dark new forces at play.
Title: Grown Ups 2 | Genres: comedy | Overview: Lenny has relocated his family back to the small town where he and his friends grew up. This time around, the grown ups are the ones learning lessons from their kids on a day notoriously full of surprises—the last day of school.
Title: The Town | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Doug MacRay is a longtime thief, who, smarter than the rest of his crew, is looking for his chance to exit the game. When a bank job leads to the group kidnapping an attractive branch manager, he takes on the role of monitoring her – but their burgeoning relationship threatens to unveil the identities of Doug and his crew to the FBI Agent who is on their case.
Title: Zootopia | Genres: animation, adventure, family, comedy | Overview: Determined to prove herself, Officer Judy Hopps, the first bunny on Zootopia's police force, jumps at the chance to crack her first case - even if it means partnering with scam-artist fox Nick Wilde to solve the mystery.
Title: Extinct | Genres: animation, comedy, family, adventure | Overview: Op and Ed, two adorable donut-shaped animals - flummels - accidentally time-travel from 1835 to modern-day Shanghai. There they discover traffic, trans fats, and worst of all, that flummels are now extinct. It's up to this bumbling pair to save themselves and their species...and, just maybe, change the course of history.
Title: Zack and Miri Make a Porno | Genres: comedy | Overview: Lifelong platonic friends Zack and Miri look to solve their respective cash-flow problems by making an adult film together. As the cameras roll, however, the duo begin to sense that they may have more feelings for each other than they previously thought.
Title: Fatherhood | Genres: drama, family, comedy | Overview: A widowed new dad copes with doubts, fears, heartache and dirty diapers as he sets out to raise his daughter on his own. Inspired by a true story.
Title: Trigger Point | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Nicolas Shaw is a retired U.S. special operative who becomes part of an elite 'invisible' team that quietly takes out the worst villains around the world.
Title: The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug | Genres: fantasy, adventure, action | Overview: The Dwarves, Bilbo and Gandalf have successfully escaped the Misty Mountains, and Bilbo has gained the One Ring. They all continue their journey to get their gold back from the Dragon, Smaug.
Title: Ice Age: Continental Drift | Genres: animation, comedy, adventure, family | Overview: Manny, Diego, and Sid embark upon another adventure after their continent is set adrift. Using an iceberg as a ship, they encounter sea creatures and battle pirates as they explore a new world.
Title: Aquaslash | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: To celebrate their graduation, the teenagers from Valley Hills High School have organized an ’80s-themed party at the old Wet Valley water park. Things turn gruesome when it's revealed that a mysterious maniac has inserted giant razor blades into one of the water slides. The water park thus becomes the backdrop for a bloodbath (literally), and everyone is a suspect...
Title: Man of Steel | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: A young boy learns that he has extraordinary powers and is not of this earth. As a young man, he journeys to discover where he came from and what he was sent here to do. But the hero in him must emerge if he is to save the world from annihilation and become the symbol of hope for all mankind.
Title: Outside the Wire | Genres: thriller, action, science fiction | Overview: In the near future, a drone pilot is sent into a deadly militarized zone and must work with an android officer to locate a doomsday device.
Title: The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Chrissie and her friends set out on a road trip for a final fling before one is shipped off to Vietnam. Along the way, bikers harass the foursome and cause an accident that throws Chrissie from the vehicle. The lawman who arrives on the scene kills one of the bikers and brings Chrissie's friends to the Hewitt homestead, where young Leatherface is learning the tools of terror.
Title: Munich: The Edge of War | Genres: drama, history | Overview: At the tense 1938 Munich Conference, former friends who now work for opposing governments become reluctant spies racing to expose a Nazi secret.
Title: Shrek the Third | Genres: fantasy, adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: The King of Far Far Away has died and Shrek and Fiona are to become King & Queen. However, Shrek wants to return to his cozy swamp and live in peace and quiet, so when he finds out there is another heir to the throne, they set off to bring him back to rule the kingdom.
Title: Terminator Salvation | Genres: action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: All grown up in post-apocalyptic 2018, John Connor must lead the resistance of humans against the increasingly dominating militaristic robots. But when Marcus Wright appears, his existence confuses the mission as Connor tries to determine whether Wright has come from the future or the past -- and whether he's friend or foe.
Title: Call Me by Your Name | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: In 1980s Italy, a relationship begins between seventeen-year-old teenage Elio and the older adult man hired as his father's research assistant.
Title: We Can Be Heroes | Genres: action, fantasy, family, comedy | Overview: When alien invaders capture Earth's superheroes, their kids must learn to work together to save their parents - and the planet.
"Title: Southpaw | Genres: action, drama | Overview: Billy ""The Great"" Hope, the reigning junior middleweight boxing champion, has an impressive career, a loving wife and daughter, and a lavish lifestyle. However, when tragedy strikes, Billy hits rock bottom, losing his family, his house and his manager. He soon finds an unlikely savior in Tick Willis, a former fighter who trains the city's toughest amateur boxers. With his future on the line, Hope fights to reclaim the trust of those he loves the most."
Title: Penguins of Madagascar | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: Skipper, Kowalski, Rico and Private join forces with undercover organization The North Wind to stop the villainous Dr. Octavius Brine from destroying the world as we know it.
Title: Red Shoes and the Seven Dwarfs | Genres: animation, romance, family | Overview: Princes who have been turned into Dwarfs seek the red shoes of a lady in order to break the spell, although it will not be easy.
Title: San Andreas | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: In the aftermath of a massive earthquake in California, a rescue-chopper pilot makes a dangerous journey across the state in order to rescue his estranged daughter.
Title: John Carter | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: John Carter is a war-weary, former military captain who's inexplicably transported to the mysterious and exotic planet of Barsoom (Mars) and reluctantly becomes embroiled in an epic conflict. It's a world on the brink of collapse, and Carter rediscovers his humanity when he realizes the survival of Barsoom and its people rests in his hands.
Title: Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron | Genres: western, animation, adventure, comedy, family, drama | Overview: As a wild stallion travels across the frontiers of the Old West, he befriends a young human and finds true love with a mare.
Title: American Pie Presents: The Book of Love | Genres: comedy | Overview: Ten years after the first American Pie movie, three new hapless virgins discover the Bible hidden in the school library at East Great Falls High. Unfortunately for them, the book is ruined, and with incomplete advice, the Bible leads them on a hilarious journey to lose their virginity.
Title: Dragon Ball Z: The Tree of Might | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: Goku and friends must stop a band of space pirates from consuming fruit from the Tree of Might before it's destructive powers drain Earth's energy.
Title: The Kissing Booth 3 | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: It’s the summer before Elle heads to college, and she has a secret decision to make. Elle has been accepted into Harvard, where boyfriend Noah is matriculating, and also Berkeley, where her BFF Lee is headed and has to decide if she should stay or not.
Title: The Courier | Genres: thriller, history, drama | Overview: Cold War spy Greville Wynne and his Russian source try to put an end to the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Title: Given | Genres: animation, drama, music, romance | Overview: The film centers on the love relationship among the band's bassist Haruki Nakayama, drummer Akihiko Kaji, and Akihiko's roommate and ex-boyfriend Ugetsu Murata.
Title: The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1 | Genres: adventure, fantasy, romance | Overview: The new found married bliss of Bella Swan and vampire Edward Cullen is cut short when a series of betrayals and misfortunes threatens to destroy their world.
Title: Into the Wind | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: She graduated from a prestigious high school in Warsaw and entered medicine in London. He works as a kitesurfing instructor at the seaside, thanks to which he combines earning money and passion. They will meet in Hel. The unusual charm of the boy makes the girl exceed her limits and enter a completely unknown world of kitesurfing, music and fun. The feeling that arises between them does not please her family or his friends. Is Ania and Michal's relationship strong enough to overcome adversities and become more than just a holiday love?
Title: Maleficent | Genres: fantasy, adventure, action, family, romance | Overview: A beautiful, pure-hearted young woman, Maleficent has an idyllic life growing up in a peaceable forest kingdom, until one day when an invading army threatens the harmony of the land. Maleficent rises to be the land's fiercest protector, but she ultimately suffers a ruthless betrayal – an act that begins to turn her heart into stone. Bent on revenge, Maleficent faces an epic battle with the invading King's successor and, as a result, places a curse upon his newborn infant Aurora. As the child grows, Maleficent realizes that Aurora holds the key to peace in the kingdom – and to Maleficent's true happiness as well.
Title: Just Go with It | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A plastic surgeon, romancing a much younger schoolteacher, enlists his loyal assistant to pretend to be his soon to be ex-wife, in order to cover up a careless lie. When more lies backfire, the assistant's kids become involved, and everyone heads off for a weekend in Hawaii that will change all their lives.
Title: White Chicks | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Two FBI agent brothers, Marcus and Kevin Copeland, accidentally foil a drug bust. To avoid being fired they accept a mission escorting a pair of socialites to the Hamptons--but when the girls are disfigured in a car accident, they refuse to go. Left without options, Marcus and Kevin decide to pose as the sisters, transforming themselves from black men into rich white women.
Title: 13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi | Genres: war, action, history, thriller, drama | Overview: An American Ambassador is killed during an attack at a U.S. compound in Libya as a security team struggles to make sense out of the chaos.
Title: Sex Tape | Genres: comedy | Overview: When Jay and Annie first got together, their romantic connection was intense – but ten years and two kids later, the flame of their love needs a spark. To kick things up a notch, they decide – why not? – to make a video of themselves trying out every position in The Joy of Sex in one marathon three-hour session. It seems like a great idea – until they discover that their most private video is no longer private. With their reputations on the line, they know they’re just one click away from being laid bare to the world... but as their race to reclaim their video leads to a night they'll never forget, they'll find that their video will expose even more than they bargained for.
Title: Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials | Genres: science fiction, action, thriller, adventure | Overview: Thomas and his fellow Gladers face their greatest challenge yet: searching for clues about the mysterious and powerful organization known as WCKD. Their journey takes them to the Scorch, a desolate landscape filled with unimaginable obstacles. Teaming up with resistance fighters, the Gladers take on WCKD’s vastly superior forces and uncover its shocking plans for them all.
Title: Corpse Bride | Genres: romance, fantasy, animation | Overview: Set in a 19th-century european village, this stop-motion animation feature follows the story of Victor, a young man whisked away to the underworld and wed to a mysterious corpse bride, while his real bride Victoria waits bereft in the land of the living.
Title: Psycho-Pass 3: First Inspector | Genres: science fiction, action, crime, animation | Overview: Inspector Kei Mikhail Ignatov finds himself involved with an organization named Bifrost with the possibility of freeing his wife if he betrays Unit One. Koichi Azusawa coordinates an assault on the Public Safety Bureau tower using his hacker Obata, locking down the building and kidnapping Inspector Arata Shindo. Azusawa demands that governor Karina Komiya resign from her position.
Title: Palmer | Genres: drama | Overview: After 12 years in prison, former high school football star Eddie Palmer returns home to put his life back together—and forms an unlikely bond with Sam, an outcast boy from a troubled home. But Eddie's past threatens to ruin his new life and family.
Title: Below Zero | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: When a prisoner transfer van is attacked, the cop in charge must fight those inside and outside while dealing with a silent foe: the icy temperatures.
Title: Me Before You | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A small town girl is caught between dead-end jobs. A high-profile, successful man becomes wheelchair bound following an accident. The man decides his life is not worth living until the girl is hired for six months to be his new caretaker. Worlds apart and trapped together by circumstance, the two get off to a rocky start. But the girl becomes determined to prove to the man that life is worth living and as they embark on a series of adventures together, each finds their world changing in ways neither of them could begin to imagine.
Title: Beckett | Genres: crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: An American tourist in Greece finds himself on the run after a tragic accident plunges him into a political conspiracy that makes him a target for assassination.
Title: Batman: The Long Halloween, Part Two | Genres: animation, mystery, action, crime | Overview: As Gotham City's young vigilante, the Batman, struggles to pursue a brutal serial killer, district attorney Harvey Dent gets caught in a feud involving the criminal family of the Falcones.
Title: Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance | Genres: action, fantasy, thriller | Overview: When the devil resurfaces with aims to take over the world in human form, Johnny Blaze reluctantly comes out of hiding to transform into the flame-spewing supernatural hero Ghost Rider -- and rescue a 10-year-old boy from an unsavory end.
Title: Shazam! | Genres: action, comedy, fantasy | Overview: A boy is given the ability to become an adult superhero in times of need with a single magic word.
Title: I Want You | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The sexy Gin is the new love of Hache, but this can not forget his former girlfriend, so the love triangle is inevitable.
Title: Clash of the Titans | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: Born of a god but raised as a man, Perseus is helpless to save his family from Hades, vengeful god of the underworld. With nothing to lose, Perseus volunteers to lead a dangerous mission to defeat Hades before he can seize power from Zeus and unleash hell on earth. Battling unholy demons and fearsome beasts, Perseus and his warriors will only survive if Perseus accepts his power as a god, defies fate and creates his own destiny.
Title: Wrong Turn 3: Left for Dead | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A group of people find themselves trapped in the backwoods of West Virginia, fighting for their lives against a group of vicious and horribly disfigured inbred cannibals.
Title: X-Men: Apocalypse | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: After the re-emergence of the world's first mutant, world-destroyer Apocalypse, the X-Men must unite to defeat his extinction level plan.
Title: Tenet | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Armed with only one word - Tenet - and fighting for the survival of the entire world, the Protagonist journeys through a twilight world of international espionage on a mission that will unfold in something beyond real time.
"Title: Cirque du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action, thriller | Overview: Darren Shan is a regular teenage kid. He and his friend Steve find out about a Freak Show coming to town and work hard at trying to find tickets. They do, and together they go to ""Cirque du Freak"" where they see many strange acts including a wolf-man and a bearded lady"
Title: Grudge | Genres: thriller | Overview: Ahead of a promotion, a police chief becomes entangled in a deadly incident and uncovers an intrigue fueled by grudge that threatens his colleagues.
Title: Next-Door Nightmare | Genres: thriller, tv movie, drama | Overview: When young couple Sarah and Kyle move next door to Helen, a charismatic older woman, they have no idea she's a deeply disturbed psychopath who will stop at nothing to become Sarah's surrogate mother, and grandmother to the child she is expecting. Julia Borsellino, Mark Taylor, Deborah Grover, Marium Carvell star. (2021)
Title: Trollhunters: Rise of the Titans | Genres: animation, fantasy, family, action, adventure | Overview: The Guardians of Arcadia reunite to battle the nefarious Arcane Order, who've reawakened the primordial Titans.
Title: Ice Age: The Meltdown | Genres: animation, family, comedy, adventure | Overview: Diego, Manny and Sid return in this sequel to the hit animated movie Ice Age. This time around, the deep freeze is over, and the ice-covered earth is starting to melt, which will destroy the trio's cherished valley. The impending disaster prompts them to reunite and warn all the other beasts about the desperate situation.
Title: The Matrix | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: Set in the 22nd century, The Matrix tells the story of a computer hacker who joins a group of underground insurgents fighting the vast and powerful computers who now rule the earth.
Title: The Meg | Genres: action, science fiction, horror | Overview: A deep sea submersible pilot revisits his past fears in the Mariana Trench, and accidentally unleashes the seventy foot ancestor of the Great White Shark believed to be extinct.
Title: Dragon Ball Z: Bojack Unbound | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: Mr. Money is holding another World Martial Arts Tournament and Mr. Satan invites everyone in the world to join in. Little does he know that Bojack, an ancient villain who has escaped his prison, is competing. Since Goku is currently dead, it is up to Gohan, Vegeta, and Trunks to defeat Bojack and his henchman.
Title: Ralph Breaks the Internet | Genres: family, animation, comedy, adventure | Overview: Video game bad guy Ralph and fellow misfit Vanellope von Schweetz must risk it all by traveling to the World Wide Web in search of a replacement part to save Vanellope's video game, Sugar Rush. In way over their heads, Ralph and Vanellope rely on the citizens of the internet — the netizens — to help navigate their way, including an entrepreneur named Yesss, who is the head algorithm and the heart and soul of trend-making site BuzzzTube.
Title: Cars | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Lightning McQueen, a hotshot rookie race car driven to succeed, discovers that life is about the journey, not the finish line, when he finds himself unexpectedly detoured in the sleepy Route 66 town of Radiator Springs. On route across the country to the big Piston Cup Championship in California to compete against two seasoned pros, McQueen gets to know the town's offbeat characters.
Title: Hidden Figures | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The untold story of Katherine G. Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan and Mary Jackson – brilliant African-American women working at NASA and serving as the brains behind one of the greatest operations in history – the launch of astronaut John Glenn into orbit. The visionary trio crossed all gender and race lines to inspire generations to dream big.
Title: Ted | Genres: comedy, fantasy | Overview: John Bennett, a man whose childhood wish of bringing his teddy bear to life came true, now must decide between keeping the relationship with the bear or his girlfriend, Lori.
Title: The 8th Night | Genres: mystery, thriller, horror | Overview: With prayer beads in one hand and an ax in the other, a monk hunts down a millennia-old spirit that's possessing humans and unleashing hell on Earth.
Title: Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: A rogue prince reluctantly joins forces with a mysterious princess and together, they race against dark forces to safeguard an ancient dagger capable of releasing the Sands of Time – gift from the gods that can reverse time and allow its possessor to rule the world.
Title: Creed | Genres: drama | Overview: The former World Heavyweight Champion Rocky Balboa serves as a trainer and mentor to Adonis Johnson, the son of his late friend and former rival Apollo Creed.
Title: Captain America: The First Avenger | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: During World War II, Steve Rogers is a sickly man from Brooklyn who's transformed into super-soldier Captain America to aid in the war effort. Rogers must stop the Red Skull – Adolf Hitler's ruthless head of weaponry, and the leader of an organization that intends to use a mysterious device of untold powers for world domination.
Title: Brave | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, family, action, fantasy | Overview: Brave is set in the mystical Scottish Highlands, where Mérida is the princess of a kingdom ruled by King Fergus and Queen Elinor. An unruly daughter and an accomplished archer, Mérida one day defies a sacred custom of the land and inadvertently brings turmoil to the kingdom. In an attempt to set things right, Mérida seeks out an eccentric old Wise Woman and is granted an ill-fated wish. Also figuring into Mérida’s quest — and serving as comic relief — are the kingdom’s three lords: the enormous Lord MacGuffin, the surly Lord Macintosh, and the disagreeable Lord Dingwall.
Title: Madagascar | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: Alex the lion is the king of the urban jungle, the main attraction at New York's Central Park Zoo. He and his best friends—Marty the zebra, Melman the giraffe and Gloria the hippo—have spent their whole lives in blissful captivity before an admiring public and with regular meals provided for them. Not content to leave well enough alone, Marty lets his curiosity get the better of him and makes his escape—with the help of some prodigious penguins—to explore the world.
Title: Chaos Walking | Genres: science fiction | Overview: Two unlikely companions embark on a perilous adventure through the badlands of an unexplored planet as they try to escape a dangerous and disorienting reality, where all inner thoughts are seen and heard by everyone.
Title: Dragon Ball Z: Super Android 13! | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: Dr. Gero's Androids #13, #14, and #15 are awakened by the laboratory computers and immediately head to the mall where Goku is shopping. After Goku, Trunks, and Vegeta defeat #14 and #15, #13 absorbs their inner computers and becomes a super being greater than the original three separately were. Now it is up to Goku to stop him.
Title: Life in a Year | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A 17 year old finds out that his girlfriend is dying, so he sets out to give her an entire life, in the last year she has left.
Title: Wreck-It Ralph | Genres: family, animation, comedy, adventure | Overview: Wreck-It Ralph is the 9-foot-tall, 643-pound villain of an arcade video game named Fix-It Felix Jr., in which the game's titular hero fixes buildings that Ralph destroys. Wanting to prove he can be a good guy and not just a villain, Ralph escapes his game and lands in Hero's Duty, a first-person shooter where he helps the game's hero battle against alien invaders. He later enters Sugar Rush, a kart racing game set on tracks made of candies, cookies and other sweets. There, Ralph meets Vanellope von Schweetz who has learned that her game is faced with a dire threat that could affect the entire arcade, and one that Ralph may have inadvertently started.
Title: Yu-Gi-Oh!: The Dark Side of Dimensions | Genres: adventure, animation | Overview: Yugi and Kaiba have a special duel that transcends dimensions.
Title: Come Play With Me | Genres: horror | Overview: Sofia, an insecure young woman, begins babysitting two troublesome siblings that turn her job into a complete living hell. That is until a devilish presence starts messing with the trio and they must band together to fight the demon away.
"Title: Naruto Shippuden the Movie: The Lost Tower | Genres: adventure, action, animation | Overview: Assigned on a mission to capture Mukade, a missing-nin, Naruto Uzumaki sets out for the once glorious historic ruins of ""Ouran"", where he pursues and corners the rouge ninja. Mukade's goal is revealed to be a dormant leyline within the ruins; he unleashes the power of the leyline, causing a light to envelop Naruto, sending him into the past, 20 years before the series began. When Naruto awakens, he comes into contact with the Fourth Hokage, Minato Namikaze."
Title: Dawn of the Planet of the Apes | Genres: science fiction, action, drama, thriller | Overview: A group of scientists in San Francisco struggle to stay alive in the aftermath of a plague that is wiping out humanity, while Caesar tries to maintain dominance over his community of intelligent apes.
Title: Need for Speed | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: The film revolves around a local street-racer who partners with a rich and arrogant business associate, only to find himself framed by his colleague and sent to prison. After he gets out, he joins a New York-to-Los Angeles race to get revenge. But when the ex-partner learns of the scheme, he puts a massive bounty on the racer's head, forcing him to run a cross-country gauntlet of illegal racers in all manner of supercharged vehicles.
Title: Batman Tech | Genres: documentary | Overview: He's caped, cowled and the coolest superhero of them all, because underneath that Batsuit, Batman only has his human strength and intellect to rely on. That and the greatest arsenal of crime fighting weaponry ever devised. But just where does comic book science fiction end and scientific fact begin? What technologies are behind the gadgets in Batman's utility belt? And just how plausible is the Batmobile? Get ready for a real life trip to the Batcave as we reveal the secrets behind Batman Tech.
Title: Public Enemies | Genres: action, crime | Overview: Depression-era bank robber John Dillinger's charm and audacity endear him to much of America's downtrodden public, but he's also a thorn in the side of J. Edgar Hoover and the fledgling FBI. Desperate to capture the elusive outlaw, Hoover makes Dillinger his first Public Enemy Number One and assigns his top agent, Melvin Purvis, the task of bringing him in dead or alive.
Title: In Time | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: In the not-too-distant future the aging gene has been switched off. To avoid overpopulation, time has become the currency and the way people pay for luxuries and necessities. The rich can live forever, while the rest try to negotiate for their immortality. A poor young man who comes into a fortune of time, though too late to help his mother from dying. He ends up on the run from a corrupt police force known as 'time keepers'.
Title: Rock Dog 2: Rock Around the Park | Genres: animation, comedy, music, family | Overview: When Bodi and his band 'True Blue' leave Snow Mountain, to tour with pop sensation, Lil' Foxy, they learn that fame comes at a price.
Title: Hotel Transylvania 3: Summer Vacation | Genres: family, fantasy, comedy, animation | Overview: Dracula, Mavis, Johnny and the rest of the Drac Pack take a vacation on a luxury Monster Cruise Ship, where Dracula falls in love with the ship’s captain, Ericka, who’s secretly a descendant of Abraham Van Helsing, the notorious monster slayer.
Title: Dragon Ball Z: The Return of Cooler | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: Cooler has resurrected himself as a robot and is enslaving the people of New Namek. Goku and the gang must help.
Title: Koati | Genres: music, animation | Overview: A coati, a butterfly and a frog join forces in order to avoid an evil snake that is destroying their homes.
Title: No Manches Frida | Genres: comedy | Overview: After his release from prison, bank robber Zequi sets off to recover the stolen money that was buried by his dizzy accomplice. He's horrified to learn that a high school gymnasium is now standing over the site where the loot is stashed. Needing to infiltrate the building, Zequi lands a job as a substitute teacher for a group of wild and unruly students. As the ex-con tries to lay down the law, he starts to realize that life in jail may have been easier than trying to deal with rebellious teens.
Title: The Nun | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: When a young nun at a cloistered abbey in Romania takes her own life, a priest with a haunted past and a novitiate on the threshold of her final vows are sent by the Vatican to investigate. Together they uncover the order’s unholy secret. Risking not only their lives but their faith and their very souls, they confront a malevolent force in the form of the same demonic nun that first terrorized audiences in “The Conjuring 2” as the abbey becomes a horrific battleground between the living and the damned.
Title: The Shack | Genres: drama, fantasy | Overview: After suffering a family tragedy, Mack Phillips spirals into a deep depression causing him to question his innermost beliefs. Facing a crisis of faith, he receives a mysterious letter urging him to an abandoned shack deep in the Oregon wilderness. Despite his doubts, Mack journeys to the shack and encounters an enigmatic trio of strangers led by a woman named Papa. Through this meeting, Mack finds important truths that will transform his understanding of his tragedy and change his life forever.
Title: A Forbidden Orange | Genres: documentary, history | Overview: Spain, 1970s. A Clockwork Orange, a film considered by critics and audiences as one of the best works in the history of cinema, directed by Stanley Kubrick and released in 1971, was banned by the strict Franco government. However, the film was finally premiered, without going through censorship, during the 20th edition of the Seminci, the Valladolid Film Festival, on April 24, 1975. How was this possible?
Title: Batman: The Long Halloween, Part One | Genres: animation, mystery, action, crime | Overview: Following a brutal series of murders taking place on Halloween, Thanksgiving, and Christmas, Gotham City's young vigilante known as the Batman sets out to pursue the mysterious serial killer alongside police officer James Gordon and district attorney Harvey Dent.
Title: From Straight A's to XXX | Genres: drama, tv movie | Overview: When a change of circumstances leaves Miriam unable to pay her college tuition, she makes a surprising decision: to start performing in adult films, using the pseudonym Belle Knox. Miriam lies to her family and her friends at school, keeping her double life a secret. But soon rumours spread and Miriam becomes the subject of vicious online attacks and unwanted attention. Miriam fights back: she talks to the media, saying her new line of work empowers her as a feminist. But her confident stand has unintended consequences. Miriam is shunned by her conservative family and her colleagues in the adult film world. One impulsive decision has quickly spiralled out of control - and Miriam's problems are just beginning.
Title: Fall in Love at First Kiss | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: After an earthquake destroys Xiang Qin's house, she and her father move in with the family of her father's college buddy. To her surprise, her new kind and amicable aunt and uncle are the parents of her cold and distant schoolmate, Jiang Zhi Shu, a genius with an IQ of 200 whom not too long ago rejected her when she confessed her feelings for him. Will the close proximity give her a second chance to win Zhi Shu's heart? Or will her love for him end under his cold words?
Title: Taken 2 | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: In Istanbul, retired CIA operative Bryan Mills and his wife are taken hostage by the father of a kidnapper Mills killed while rescuing his daughter.
Title: The Godfather | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Spanning the years 1945 to 1955, a chronicle of the fictional Italian-American Corleone crime family. When organized crime family patriarch, Vito Corleone barely survives an attempt on his life, his youngest son, Michael steps in to take care of the would-be killers, launching a campaign of bloody revenge.
Title: Dragon Ball Z: The World's Strongest | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: The evil Dr. Kochin uses the dragon balls to resurrect his mentor, Dr. Wheelo, in an effort to take over the world. Dr. Wheelo, his body having been destroyed by the avalanche that killed him fifty years before, desires the body of the strongest fighter in the world as his new vessel. Believing Roshi to be the world's strongest warrior, Dr. Kochin abducts Bulma and forces Roshi to surrender himself to save her. When Goku hears of their abduction, he goes to their rescue.
Title: Maze Runner: The Death Cure | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure, thriller | Overview: Thomas leads his group of escaped Gladers on their final and most dangerous mission yet. To save their friends, they must break into the legendary Last City, a WCKD-controlled labyrinth that may turn out to be the deadliest maze of all. Anyone who makes it out alive will get answers to the questions the Gladers have been asking since they first arrived in the maze.
Title: The Lion King II: Simba's Pride | Genres: family, adventure, animation | Overview: The circle of life continues for Simba, now fully grown and in his rightful place as the king of Pride Rock. Simba and Nala have given birth to a daughter, Kiara who's as rebellious as her father was. But Kiara drives her parents to distraction when she catches the eye of Kovu, the son of the evil lioness, Zira. Will Kovu steal Kiara's heart?
Title: Tarzan | Genres: family, adventure, animation, drama | Overview: Tarzan was a small orphan who was raised by an ape named Kala since he was a child. He believed that this was his family, but on an expedition Jane Porter is rescued by Tarzan. He then finds out that he's human. Now Tarzan must make the decision as to which family he should belong to...
Title: Dragon Ball Z: Wrath of the Dragon | Genres: animation, action, science fiction | Overview: The Z Warriors discover an unopenable music box and are told to open it with the Dragon Balls. The contents turn out to be a warrior named Tapion who had sealed himself inside along with a monster called Hildegarn. Goku must now perfect a new technique to defeat the evil monster.
Title: Aladdin | Genres: adventure, fantasy, romance, family | Overview: A kindhearted street urchin named Aladdin embarks on a magical adventure after finding a lamp that releases a wisecracking genie while a power-hungry Grand Vizier vies for the same lamp that has the power to make their deepest wishes come true.
Title: Whispering Corridors 6: The Humming | Genres: horror | Overview: Eun-hee is hired as a vice principal at her old high school, where strange things take place in the closed down washroom. High school student Ha-young and So-yeon, who used the washroom as their hideout hear humming in the empty washroom, and believe that a ghost exists inside. Ha-young discovers a flowerpot on the stairs and suspect that Eun-hee is somehow linked to the mystery. Suffering from hallucination upon her inauguration, Eun-hee finds a ghastly figured girl in the washroom mirror and begins to believe that the girl was the one who brought her back to this school…
Title: Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald | Genres: adventure, fantasy, drama | Overview: Gellert Grindelwald has escaped imprisonment and has begun gathering followers to his cause—elevating wizards above all non-magical beings. The only one capable of putting a stop to him is the wizard he once called his closest friend, Albus Dumbledore. However, Dumbledore will need to seek help from the wizard who had thwarted Grindelwald once before, his former student Newt Scamander, who agrees to help, unaware of the dangers that lie ahead. Lines are drawn as love and loyalty are tested, even among the truest friends and family, in an increasingly divided wizarding world.
Title: Prometheus | Genres: science fiction, adventure, mystery | Overview: A team of explorers discover a clue to the origins of mankind on Earth, leading them on a journey to the darkest corners of the universe. There, they must fight a terrifying battle to save the future of the human race.
Title: Overcomer | Genres: drama | Overview: After reluctantly agreeing to coach cross-country, high school basketball Coach John Harrison helps the least likely runner attempt the impossible in the biggest race of the year.
Title: Hellboy | Genres: fantasy, action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Hellboy comes to England, where he must defeat Nimue, Merlin's consort and the Blood Queen. But their battle will bring about the end of the world, a fate he desperately tries to turn away.
Title: How to Train Your Dragon: The Hidden World | Genres: animation, family, adventure | Overview: As Hiccup fulfills his dream of creating a peaceful dragon utopia, Toothless’ discovery of an untamed, elusive mate draws the Night Fury away. When danger mounts at home and Hiccup’s reign as village chief is tested, both dragon and rider must make impossible decisions to save their kind.
Title: Hotel Transylvania | Genres: animation, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: Welcome to Hotel Transylvania, Dracula's lavish five-stake resort, where monsters and their families can live it up and no humans are allowed. One special weekend, Dracula has invited all his best friends to celebrate his beloved daughter Mavis's 118th birthday. For Dracula catering to all of these legendary monsters is no problem but the party really starts when one ordinary guy stumbles into the hotel and changes everything!
Title: The Island of Giant Insects | Genres: mystery, drama, horror, adventure, animation | Overview: After an airplane crash during a school trip, Oribe Mutsumi and her classmates were stranded on a seemingly deserted island. Mutsumi found the other survivors, and used her wilderness knowledge to help them. She expects that they will be rescued in about three days, which doesn't seem so long to endure. However, she didn't account for the fact that the island is populated with gigantic killer insects. Her knowledge of butterflies, wasps, and more may be the only thing that will help any of her classmates survive to be rescued!
"Title: Inglourious Basterds | Genres: drama, action, thriller, war | Overview: In Nazi-occupied France during World War II, a group of Jewish-American soldiers known as ""The Basterds"" are chosen specifically to spread fear throughout the Third Reich by scalping and brutally killing Nazis. The Basterds, lead by Lt. Aldo Raine soon cross paths with a French-Jewish teenage girl who runs a movie theater in Paris which is targeted by the soldiers."
Title: Star Wars | Genres: adventure, action, science fiction | Overview: Princess Leia is captured and held hostage by the evil Imperial forces in their effort to take over the galactic Empire. Venturesome Luke Skywalker and dashing captain Han Solo team together with the loveable robot duo R2-D2 and C-3PO to rescue the beautiful princess and restore peace and justice in the Empire.
Title: The Passion of the Christ | Genres: drama | Overview: A graphic portrayal of the last twelve hours of Jesus of Nazareth's life.
Title: Nightbooks | Genres: fantasy, family | Overview: Alex, a boy obsessed with scary stories, is trapped by a witch in her modern, magical New York City apartment. His original hair-raising tales are the only thing keeping him safe as he desperately tries to find a way out of this twisted place.
Title: Sexo | Genres: comedy | Overview: This film skewers the audience's prejudices when the subtitles abandon their usual chore of translating what is said and start talking directly to the audience.
"Title: Christmas ...Again?! | Genres: family, comedy, fantasy, tv movie | Overview: Rowena ""Ro"" is a high-spirited 11-year-old hoping to add more spunk to her Christmas celebrations when her parents’ divorce is going anything but smoothly."
Title: Monsters University | Genres: animation, family | Overview: A look at the relationship between Mike and Sulley during their days at Monsters University — when they weren't necessarily the best of friends.
Title: Transformers: The Last Knight | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: Autobots and Decepticons are at war, with humans on the sidelines. Optimus Prime is gone. The key to saving our future lies buried in the secrets of the past, in the hidden history of Transformers on Earth.
Title: Rio | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Captured by smugglers when he was just a hatchling, a macaw named Blu never learned to fly and lives a happily domesticated life in Minnesota with his human friend, Linda. Blu is thought to be the last of his kind, but when word comes that Jewel, a lone female, lives in Rio de Janeiro, Blu and Linda go to meet her. Animal smugglers kidnap Blu and Jewel, but the pair soon escape and begin a perilous adventure back to freedom -- and Linda.
Title: The Guest | Genres: mystery, thriller, action | Overview: A soldier introduces himself to the Peterson family, claiming to be a friend of their son who died in action. After the young man is welcomed into their home, a series of accidental deaths seem to be connected to his presence.
Title: G.I. Joe: The Rise of Cobra | Genres: adventure, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: From the Egyptian desert to deep below the polar ice caps, the elite G.I. JOE team uses the latest in next-generation spy and military equipment to fight the corrupt arms dealer Destro and the growing threat of the mysterious Cobra organization to prevent them from plunging the world into chaos.
Title: Mad Max: Fury Road | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: An apocalyptic story set in the furthest reaches of our planet, in a stark desert landscape where humanity is broken, and most everyone is crazed fighting for the necessities of life. Within this world exist two rebels on the run who just might be able to restore order.
Title: The King of Fighters | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: The King of Fighters movie will introduce a new science fiction spin into the setting established in the games universe by following the surviving members of three legendary fighting clans who are continually whisked away to other dimensions by an evil power. As the fighters enter each new world they battle that universes native defenders, while the force that brought them seeks to find a way to invade and infect our world.
Title: Framed by My Husband | Genres: tv movie, thriller | Overview: A woman agrees to help her husband pay off an extortionist, but when the blackmailer is murdered she becomes the prime suspect, and discovers that the man she married has been leading a deadly double life.
Title: Pinocchio | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Lonely toymaker Geppetto has his wishes answered when the Blue Fairy arrives to bring his wooden puppet Pinocchio to life. Before becoming a real boy, however, Pinocchio must prove he's worthy as he sets off on an adventure with his whistling sidekick and conscience, Jiminy Cricket.
Title: Godzilla: King of the Monsters | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: Follows the heroic efforts of the crypto-zoological agency Monarch as its members face off against a battery of god-sized monsters, including the mighty Godzilla, who collides with Mothra, Rodan, and his ultimate nemesis, the three-headed King Ghidorah. When these ancient super-species, thought to be mere myths, rise again, they all vie for supremacy, leaving humanity's very existence hanging in the balance.
"Title: A Bug's Life | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: On behalf of ""oppressed bugs everywhere,"" an inventive ant named Flik hires a troupe of warrior bugs to defend his bustling colony from a horde of freeloading grasshoppers led by the evil-minded Hopper."
"Title: Kung Fu Panda | Genres: action, adventure, animation, family, comedy | Overview: When the Valley of Peace is threatened, lazy Po the panda discovers his destiny as the ""chosen one"" and trains to become a kung fu hero, but transforming the unsleek slacker into a brave warrior won't be easy. It's up to Master Shifu and the Furious Five -- Tigress, Crane, Mantis, Viper and Monkey -- to give it a try."
Title: The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie | Genres: family, animation, comedy, fantasy | Overview: There's trouble brewing in Bikini Bottom. Someone has stolen King Neptune's crown, and it looks like Mr. Krab, SpongeBob's boss, is the culprit. Though he's just been passed over for the promotion of his dreams, SpongeBob stands by his boss, and along with his best pal Patrick, sets out on a treacherous mission to Shell City to reclaim the crown and save Mr. Krab's life.
Title: The Hangover Part II | Genres: comedy | Overview: The Hangover crew heads to Thailand for Stu's wedding. After the disaster of a bachelor party in Las Vegas last year, Stu is playing it safe with a mellow pre-wedding brunch. However, nothing goes as planned and Bangkok is the perfect setting for another adventure with the rowdy group.
Title: Cinderella | Genres: romance, fantasy, family, drama | Overview: When her father unexpectedly passes away, young Ella finds herself at the mercy of her cruel stepmother and her daughters. Never one to give up hope, Ella's fortunes begin to change after meeting a dashing stranger in the woods.
Title: Garfield | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Garfield, the fat, lazy, lasagna lover, has everything a cat could want. But when Jon, in an effort to impress the Liz - the vet and an old high-school crush - adopts a dog named Odie and brings him home, Garfield gets the one thing he doesn't want. Competition.
Title: He's All That | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: To get revenge on her ex-boyfriend, an influencer attempts to transform an unpopular classmate into prom king.
Title: Tentacles | Genres: horror, romance | Overview: A young Los Angeles couple Tara and Sam fall head over heels into a new romance, entwining their lives—until their intimacy transforms into something terrifying.
Title: Uncharted: Live Action Fan Film | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: Treasure hunter Nathan Drake finds himself captured while searching for the lost treasure of the Flor de la Mar (Flower of the Sea).
Title: X-Men: Days of Future Past | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: The ultimate X-Men ensemble fights a war for the survival of the species across two time periods as they join forces with their younger selves in an epic battle that must change the past – to save our future.
Title: Dragon Ball Super: Broly | Genres: action, science fiction, animation | Overview: Earth is peaceful following the Tournament of Power. Realizing that the universes still hold many more strong people yet to see, Goku spends all his days training to reach even greater heights. Then one day, Goku and Vegeta are faced by a Saiyan called 'Broly' who they've never seen before. The Saiyans were supposed to have been almost completely wiped out in the destruction of Planet Vegeta, so what's this one doing on Earth? This encounter between the three Saiyans who have followed completely different destinies turns into a stupendous battle, with even Frieza (back from Hell) getting caught up in the mix.
Title: Howl's Moving Castle | Genres: fantasy, animation, adventure | Overview: When Sophie, a shy young woman, is cursed with an old body by a spiteful witch, her only chance of breaking the spell lies with a self-indulgent yet insecure young wizard and his companions in his legged, walking castle.
Title: Ice Age: Collision Course | Genres: adventure, animation, family, comedy, science fiction | Overview: Set after the events of Continental Drift, Scrat's epic pursuit of his elusive acorn catapults him outside of Earth, where he accidentally sets off a series of cosmic events that transform and threaten the planet. To save themselves from peril, Manny, Sid, Diego, and the rest of the herd leave their home and embark on a quest full of thrills and spills, highs and lows, laughter and adventure while traveling to exotic new lands and locations.
Title: Batman Forever | Genres: action, crime, fantasy | Overview: Batman must battle a disfigured district attorney and a disgruntled former employee with help from an amorous psychologist and a young circus acrobat.
Title: LEGO Star Wars Terrifying Tales | Genres: family, animation, science fiction, comedy | Overview: Poe Dameron and BB-8 must face the greedy crime boss Graballa the Hutt, who has purchased Darth Vader’s castle and is renovating it into the galaxy’s first all-inclusive Sith-inspired luxury hotel.
Title: Shrek Forever After | Genres: comedy, adventure, fantasy, animation, family | Overview: A bored and domesticated Shrek pacts with deal-maker Rumpelstiltskin to get back to feeling like a real ogre again, but when he's duped and sent to a twisted version of Far Far Away—where Rumpelstiltskin is king, ogres are hunted, and he and Fiona have never met—he sets out to restore his world and reclaim his true love.
Title: The Intouchables | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: A true story of two men who should never have met – a quadriplegic aristocrat who was injured in a paragliding accident and a young man from the projects.
Title: The Shawshank Redemption | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Framed in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover, upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison, where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison, Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope.
Title: Alita: Battle Angel | Genres: action, science fiction, adventure | Overview: When Alita awakens with no memory of who she is in a future world she does not recognize, she is taken in by Ido, a compassionate doctor who realizes that somewhere in this abandoned cyborg shell is the heart and soul of a young woman with an extraordinary past.
Title: Shaun the Sheep: The Flight Before Christmas | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Shaun's seasonal excitement turns to dismay when a farmhouse raid to get bigger stockings for the flock inadvertently leads to Timmy going missing. Can Shaun get Timmy back before he becomes someone else’s present?
Title: The Princess and the Frog | Genres: romance, family, animation | Overview: A waitress, desperate to fulfill her dreams as a restaurant owner, is set on a journey to turn a frog prince back into a human being, but she has to face the same problem after she kisses him.
Title: American Sniper | Genres: war, action | Overview: U.S. Navy SEAL Chris Kyle takes his sole mission—protect his comrades—to heart and becomes one of the most lethal snipers in American history. His pinpoint accuracy not only saves countless lives but also makes him a prime target of insurgents. Despite grave danger and his struggle to be a good husband and father to his family back in the States, Kyle serves four tours of duty in Iraq. However, when he finally returns home, he finds that he cannot leave the war behind.
Title: The Gentlemen | Genres: crime, action, comedy | Overview: American expat Mickey Pearson has built a highly profitable marijuana empire in London. When word gets out that he’s looking to cash out of the business forever it triggers plots, schemes, bribery and blackmail in an attempt to steal his domain out from under him.
Title: Looking Back at it All: The Dragon Ball Z Year-End Show! | Genres: action, animation, comedy | Overview: This movie is very different from the previous TV specials (Dragon Ball Z: Bardock - The Father of Goku and Dragon Ball Z: The History of Trunks), as it is a look back at what had happened in Dragon Ball Z in 1993. In this film, which is believed to take place some time around the 25th World Martial Arts Tournament, Gohan and Goten are having a hot bath outside in the middle of winter. Goku (who is still dead) suddenly appears in front of his sons with the help of his Instant Transmission, and joins them in the tub. While there, the three Saiyans reflect back on the events that occurred during the Cell Games. Inside the house after Chi-Chi appeared, Goku tells his sons about Pikkon and the Other World Tournament. Later, the four members of the Son family appear dressed nicely. Gohan says that the adult division of the Tournament will begin this next year (in 1994), and the special comes to an end.
Title: Host | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: Six friends hire a medium to hold a séance via Zoom during lockdown — but they get far more than they bargained for as things quickly go wrong. When an evil spirit starts invading their homes, they begin to realize they might not survive the night.
Title: Space Sweepers | Genres: drama, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: When the crew of a space junk collector ship called The Victory discovers a humanoid robot named Dorothy that's known to be a weapon of mass destruction, they get involved in a risky business deal which puts their lives at stake.
Title: The Emperor's New Groove | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: Kuzco is a self-centered emperor who summons Pacha from a village and to tell him that his home will be destroyed to make room for Kuzco's new summer home. Kuzco's advisor, Yzma, tries to poison Kuzco and accidentally turns him into a llama, who accidentally ends up in Pacha's village. Pacha offers to help Kuzco if he doesn't destroy his house, and so they form an unlikely partnership.
Title: Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba Sibling's Bond | Genres: action, animation, fantasy | Overview: Tanjiro finds his family slaughtered and the lone survivor, his sister Nezuko Kamado, turned into a Demon. To his surprise, however, Nezuko still shows signs of human emotion and thought. Thus begins Tanjiro's journey to seek out the Demon who killed their family and turn his sister human again. A recap film of Kimetsu no Yaiba, covering episodes 1-5 with extra footage.
Title: Still Out of My League | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: After breaking up with her dreamboat, Marta finds love with an artist. But life throws a few twists into the mix for the ailing woman and her friends.
Title: The French Dispatch | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: The quirky staff of an American magazine based in 1970s France puts out its last issue, with stories featuring an artist sentenced to life imprisonment, student riots, and a kidnapping resolved by a chef.
Title: Wrong Turn 2: Dead End | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Retired military commander Colonel Dale Murphy hosts the simulated post-apocalyptic reality show where participants are challenged to survive a remote West Virginia wasteland. But the show turns into a nightmarish showdown when each realizes they are being hunted by an inbred family of cannibals determined to make them all dinner!
Title: Ant-Man and the Wasp | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Just when his time under house arrest is about to end, Scott Lang once again puts his freedom at risk to help Hope van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym dive into the quantum realm and try to accomplish, against time and any chance of success, a very dangerous rescue mission.
Title: The Equalizer | Genres: thriller, action, crime | Overview: McCall believes he has put his mysterious past behind him and dedicated himself to beginning a new, quiet life. But when he meets Teri, a young girl under the control of ultra-violent Russian gangsters, he can’t stand idly by – he has to help her. Armed with hidden skills that allow him to serve vengeance against anyone who would brutalize the helpless, McCall comes out of his self-imposed retirement and finds his desire for justice reawakened. If someone has a problem, if the odds are stacked against them, if they have nowhere else to turn, McCall will help. He is The Equalizer.
Title: Bartkowiak | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: After his brother dies in a car crash, a disgraced MMA fighter takes over the family nightclub — and soon learns his sibling's death wasn’t an accident.
Title: Orphan | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: After losing their baby, a married couple adopt 9-year old Esther, who may not be as innocent as she seems.
Title: Dinosaur | Genres: family, animation | Overview: An orphaned dinosaur raised by lemurs joins an arduous trek to a sancturary after a meteorite shower destroys his family home.
Title: Knock Knock | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: When a devoted husband and father is left home alone for the weekend, two stranded young women unexpectedly knock on his door for help. What starts out as a kind gesture results in a dangerous seduction and a deadly game of cat and mouse.
Title: The Croods | Genres: animation, adventure, family, fantasy, comedy, action | Overview: The prehistoric Croods family live in a particularly dangerous moment in time. Patriarch Grug, his mate Ugga, teenage daughter Eep, son Thunk, and feisty Gran gather food by day and huddle together in a cave at night. When a more evolved caveman named Guy arrives on the scene, Grug is distrustful, but it soon becomes apparent that Guy is correct about the impending destruction of their world.
Title: Brother Bear | Genres: adventure, animation, family | Overview: When an impulsive boy named Kenai is magically transformed into a bear, he must literally walk in another's footsteps until he learns some valuable life lessons. His courageous and often zany journey introduces him to a forest full of wildlife, including the lovable bear cub Koda, hilarious moose Rutt and Tuke, woolly mammoths and rambunctious rams.
Title: The Power of the Dog | Genres: drama, western | Overview: A domineering but charismatic rancher wages a war of intimidation on his brother's new wife and her teen son, until long-hidden secrets come to light.
Title: We Bare Bears: The Movie | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy, tv movie | Overview: When Grizz, Panda, and Ice Bear's love of food trucks and viral videos get out of hand, the brothers are now chased away from their home and embark on a trip to Canada, where they can live in peace.
Title: Baywatch | Genres: comedy, action, crime | Overview: Devoted lifeguard Mitch Buchannon butts heads with a brash new recruit. Together, they uncover a local criminal plot that threatens the future of the Bay.
Title: Creed II | Genres: drama | Overview: Between personal obligations and training for his next big fight against an opponent with ties to his family's past, Adonis Creed is up against the challenge of his life.
Title: Bad Trip | Genres: comedy | Overview: Two pals embark on a road trip full of funny pranks that pull real people into mayhem.
Title: Texas Chainsaw 3D | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A young woman learns that she has inherited a Texas estate from her deceased grandmother. After embarking on a road trip with friends to uncover her roots, she finds she is the sole owner of a lavish, isolated Victorian mansion. But her newfound wealth comes at a price as she stumbles upon a horror that awaits her in the mansion’s dank cellars.
Title: Ant-Man | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: Armed with the astonishing ability to shrink in scale but increase in strength, master thief Scott Lang must embrace his inner-hero and help his mentor, Doctor Hank Pym, protect the secret behind his spectacular Ant-Man suit from a new generation of towering threats. Against seemingly insurmountable obstacles, Pym and Lang must plan and pull off a heist that will save the world.
Title: Greenland | Genres: action, thriller, drama | Overview: John Garrity, his estranged wife and their young son embark on a perilous journey to find sanctuary as a planet-killing comet hurtles toward Earth. Amid terrifying accounts of cities getting levelled, the Garritys experience the best and worst in humanity. As the countdown to the global apocalypse approaches zero, their incredible trek culminates in a desperate and last-minute flight to a possible safe haven.
Title: Chappie | Genres: crime, action, science fiction | Overview: Every child comes into the world full of promise, and none more so than Chappie: he is gifted, special, a prodigy. Like any child, Chappie will come under the influence of his surroundings—some good, some bad—and he will rely on his heart and soul to find his way in the world and become his own man. But there's one thing that makes Chappie different from any one else: he is a robot.
Title: All the Bright Places | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Two teens facing personal struggles form a powerful bond as they embark on a cathartic journey chronicling the wonders of Indiana.
Title: Hercules | Genres: animation, family, fantasy, adventure, comedy, romance | Overview: Bestowed with superhuman strength, a young mortal named Hercules sets out to prove himself a hero in the eyes of his father, the great god Zeus. Along with his friends Pegasus, a flying horse, and Phil, a personal trainer, Hercules is tricked by the hilarious, hotheaded villain Hades, who's plotting to take over Mount Olympus!
"Title: Scary Movie 2 | Genres: comedy | Overview: While the original parodied slasher flicks like Scream, Keenen Ivory Wayans's sequel to Scary Movie takes comedic aim at haunted house movies. A group of students visit a mansion called ""Hell House,"" and murderous high jinks ensue."
Title: Pacific Rim: Uprising | Genres: action, fantasy, science fiction, adventure | Overview: It has been ten years since The Battle of the Breach and the oceans are still, but restless. Vindicated by the victory at the Breach, the Jaeger program has evolved into the most powerful global defense force in human history. The PPDC now calls upon the best and brightest to rise up and become the next generation of heroes when the Kaiju threat returns.
Title: Spencer | Genres: drama | Overview: During her Christmas holidays with the royal family at the Sandringham estate in Norfolk, England, Diana decides to leave her marriage to Prince Charles.
Title: Scary Movie 5 | Genres: comedy | Overview: Home with their newly-formed family, happy parents Dan and Jody are haunted by sinister, paranormal activities. Determined to expel the insidious force, they install security cameras and discover their family is being stalked by an evil dead demon.
Title: La Llorona | Genres: thriller, horror, drama | Overview: Accused of the genocide of Mayan people, retired general Enrique is trapped in his mansion by massive protests. Abandoned by his staff, the indignant old man and his family must face the devastating truth of his actions and the growing sense that a wrathful supernatural force is targeting them for his crimes.
Title: Power Rangers | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: Saban's Power Rangers follows five ordinary teens who must become something extraordinary when they learn that their small town of Angel Grove — and the world — is on the verge of being obliterated by an alien threat. Chosen by destiny, our heroes quickly discover they are the only ones who can save the planet. But to do so, they will have to overcome their real-life issues and before it’s too late, band together as the Power Rangers.
Title: Night Teeth | Genres: horror, thriller, action | Overview: A college student moonlighting as a chauffeur picks up two mysterious women for a night of party-hopping across LA. But when he uncovers their bloodthirsty intentions—and their dangerous, shadowy underworld—he must fight to stay alive.
"Title: Salt | Genres: action, mystery, thriller | Overview: As a CIA officer, Evelyn Salt swore an oath to duty, honor and country. Her loyalty will be tested when a defector accuses her of being a Russian spy. Salt goes on the run, using all her skills and years of experience as a covert operative to elude capture. Salt's efforts to prove her innocence only serve to cast doubt on her motives, as the hunt to uncover the truth behind her identity continues and the question remains: ""Who is Salt?"""
Title: Terminator: Dark Fate | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Decades after Sarah Connor prevented Judgment Day, a lethal new Terminator is sent to eliminate the future leader of the resistance. In a fight to save mankind, battle-hardened Sarah Connor teams up with an unexpected ally and an enhanced super soldier to stop the deadliest Terminator yet.
Title: Willy's Wonderland | Genres: action, horror, comedy | Overview: When his car breaks down, a quiet loner agrees to clean an abandoned family fun center in exchange for repairs. He soon finds himself waging war against possessed animatronic mascots while trapped inside Willy's Wonderland.
Title: How to Train Your Dragon 2 | Genres: fantasy, action, adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: Five years have passed since Hiccup and Toothless united the dragons and Vikings of Berk. Now, they spend their time charting unmapped territories. During one of their adventures, the pair discover a secret cave that houses hundreds of wild dragons -- and a mysterious dragon rider who turns out to be Hiccup's mother, Valka. Hiccup and Toothless then find themselves at the center of a battle to protect Berk from a power-hungry warrior named Drago.
Title: CODA | Genres: drama, music, romance | Overview: As a CODA (Child of Deaf Adults), Ruby is the only hearing person in her deaf family. When the family's fishing business is threatened, Ruby finds herself torn between pursuing her love of music and her fear of abandoning her parents.
Title: Despicable Me 2 | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Gru is recruited by the Anti-Villain League to help deal with a powerful new super criminal.
Title: Anonymously Yours | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: After an accidental text message turns into a digital friendship, Vale and Alex start crushing on each other without realizing they've met in real life.
Title: How to Train Your Dragon | Genres: fantasy, adventure, animation, family | Overview: As the son of a Viking leader on the cusp of manhood, shy Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III faces a rite of passage: he must kill a dragon to prove his warrior mettle. But after downing a feared dragon, he realizes that he no longer wants to destroy it, and instead befriends the beast – which he names Toothless – much to the chagrin of his warrior father.
Title: Dragon Ball Z: Fusion Reborn | Genres: animation, action, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Not paying attention to his job, a young demon allows the evil cleansing machine to overflow and explode, turning the young demon into the infamous monster Janemba. Goku and Vegeta make solo attempts to defeat the monster, but realize their only option is fusion.
Title: 100% Wolf | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: Freddy Lupin, heir to a proud family line of werewolves, is in for a shock when on his 14th birthday his first 'warfing' goes awry, turning him into a ferocious poodle. The pack elders give Freddy until the next moonrise to prove he has the heart of a wolf, or risk being cast out forever. With the help of an unlikely ally in a streetwise stray named Batty, Freddy must prove he's 100% Wolf.
Title: Sex with Love | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: In Santiago, Chile, the schoolteacher Luisa proposes a debate about sex with the parents of her students with the intention of giving classes about sex education to the youngsters.
Title: Ride Your Wave | Genres: animation, romance, comedy, drama, fantasy | Overview: Hinako is a surf-loving college student who has just moved to a small seaside town. When a sudden fire breaks out at her apartment building, she is rescued by Minato, a handsome firefighter, and the two soon fall in love. Just as they become inseparable, Minato loses his life in an accident at sea. Hinako is so distraught that she can no longer even look at the ocean, but one day she sings a song that reminds her of their time together, and Minato appears in the water. From then on, she can summon him in any watery surface as soon as she sings their song, but can the two really remain together forever? And what is the real reason for Minato's sudden reappearance?
Title: Skyfall | Genres: action, adventure, thriller | Overview: When Bond's latest assignment goes gravely wrong and agents around the world are exposed, MI6 is attacked forcing M to relocate the agency. These events cause her authority and position to be challenged by Gareth Mallory, the new Chairman of the Intelligence and Security Committee. With MI6 now compromised from both inside and out, M is left with one ally she can trust: Bond. 007 takes to the shadows - aided only by field agent, Eve - following a trail to the mysterious Silva, whose lethal and hidden motives have yet to reveal themselves.
Title: Angels & Demons | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is recruited by the Vatican to investigate the apparent return of the Illuminati - a secret, underground organization - after four cardinals are kidnapped on the night of the papal conclave.
Title: Let's Be Cops | Genres: comedy | Overview: It's the ultimate buddy cop movie except for one thing: they're not cops. When two struggling pals dress as police officers for a costume party, they become neighborhood sensations. But when these newly-minted “heroes” get tangled in a real life web of mobsters and dirty detectives, they must put their fake badges on the line.
Title: Conan the Barbarian | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: A quest that begins as a personal vendetta for the fierce Cimmerian warrior soon turns into an epic battle against hulking rivals, horrific monsters, and impossible odds, as Conan realizes he is the only hope of saving the great nations of Hyboria from an encroaching reign of supernatural evil.
Title: El mesero | Genres: comedy | Overview: A waiter pretends to be an important businessman in order to reach the upper class through his entrepreneurial dreams.
Title: Saint Seiya Heaven Chapter: Overture | Genres: animation, fantasy | Overview: After the bloody battle against Hades, the goddess Athena and her saints are still recovering when they find themselves face to face with their newest and most formidable foe: the dreadful moon goddess Artemis. Artemis replaces Athena as the earth guardian deity and takes over the Sanctuary, turning Athena's Saints into her servants. Upon invading the Sanctuary, the Bronze Saints learn that Athena was banished by Artemis and decide to fight the moon goddess in order to rescue their true goddess and free the Earth from Artemis's ominous control.
Title: Candyman | Genres: horror | Overview: Anthony and his partner move into a loft in the now gentrified Cabrini-Green, and after a chance encounter with an old-timer exposes Anthony to the true story behind Candyman, he unknowingly opens a door to a complex past that unravels his own sanity and unleashes a terrifying wave of violence.
Title: Stand by Me Doraemon | Genres: animation, family, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: In the suburbs of Tokyo some time ago, there lived a clumsy boy about 10 years old. There appeared in front of him named Sewashi, Nobita's descendant of four generations later from the 22nd century, and Doraemon, a 22nd century cat-type caretaker robot who helps people with its secret gadgets. Sewashi claims that his family is suffering from the debts Nobita made even to his generation, so in order to change this disastrous future, he brought along Doraemon as Nobita's caretaker to bring happiness to his future, although Doraemon is not happy about this. And so Sewashi installed an accomplishment program into Doraemon forcing him to take care of Nobita. Unless he makes Nobita happy, Doraemon can no longer go back to the 22nd century. This is how the life of Doraemon and Nobita begins. Will Doraemon succeed this mission and return to the 22nd century?
Title: Aquaman | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Once home to the most advanced civilization on Earth, Atlantis is now an underwater kingdom ruled by the power-hungry King Orm. With a vast army at his disposal, Orm plans to conquer the remaining oceanic people and then the surface world. Standing in his way is Arthur Curry, Orm's half-human, half-Atlantean brother and true heir to the throne.
Title: Warrior | Genres: drama, action | Overview: The youngest son of an alcoholic former boxer returns home, where he's trained by his father for competition in a mixed martial arts tournament – a path that puts the fighter on a collision course with his estranged, older brother.
Title: Despicable Me | Genres: family, animation, comedy | Overview: Villainous Gru lives up to his reputation as a despicable, deplorable and downright unlikable guy when he hatches a plan to steal the moon from the sky. But he has a tough time staying on task after three orphans land in his care.
Title: The Twilight Saga: New Moon | Genres: adventure, fantasy, drama, romance | Overview: Forks, Washington resident Bella Swan is reeling from the departure of her vampire love, Edward Cullen, and finds comfort in her friendship with Jacob Black, a werewolf. But before she knows it, she's thrust into a centuries-old conflict, and her desire to be with Edward at any cost leads her to take greater and greater risks.
Title: Machine Gun Preacher | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: The true story of Sam Childers, a former drug-dealing biker who finds God and became a crusader for hundreds of Sudanese children who've been kidnapped and pressed into duty as soldiers.
Title: In for a Murder | Genres: crime, comedy, science fiction | Overview: A stay-at-home mom and avid reader of crime stories discovers the deepest secrets of a small town's residents while investigating a woman's murder.
Title: Altered Carbon: Resleeved | Genres: animation, science fiction | Overview: On the planet Latimer, Takeshi Kovacs must protect a tattooist while investigating the death of a yakuza boss alongside a no-nonsense CTAC.
Title: Porno | Genres: drama | Overview: Three tales of the erotic: Two young ladies experiment with lesbianism, a handsome and wealthy socialite makes a beautiful woman patiently wait to make love to him, and a gorgeous, but controlling and dominating blind woman makes a hunky stud her sexual hostage in her swanky mansion home.
"Title: Lilo & Stitch | Genres: animation, family | Overview: As Stitch, a runaway genetic experiment from a faraway planet, wreaks havoc on the Hawaiian Islands, he becomes the mischievous adopted alien ""puppy"" of an independent little girl named Lilo and learns about loyalty, friendship, and 'ohana, the Hawaiian tradition of family."
Title: Exodus: Gods and Kings | Genres: adventure, drama, action | Overview: The defiant leader Moses rises up against the Egyptian Pharaoh Ramses, setting 400,000 slaves on a monumental journey of escape from Egypt and its terrifying cycle of deadly plagues.
Title: The Experiment | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: 20 men are chosen to participate in the roles of guards and prisoners in a psychological study that ultimately spirals out of control.
"Title: Universal Soldier: Regeneration | Genres: adventure, action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: When terrorists threaten nuclear catastrophe at Chernobyl, the world's only hope is to reactivate decommissioned Universal Soldier Luc Deveraux. Rearmed and reprogrammed, Deveraux must take on his nemesis from the original Universal Soldier and a next-generation ""UniSol"" that seems almost unstoppable."
Title: There's Someone Inside Your House | Genres: thriller, horror, mystery | Overview: As the countdown to graduation begins, students at Osborne High are being stalked by a maniac intent on exposing their darkest secrets to the entire town, terrorizing victims while wearing a life-like mask of their own face. With a mysterious past of her own, Makani and her friends must discover the killer's identity before they become victims themselves.
Title: Dragon Ball Z Special 9 - Future Trunks Special | Genres: animation | Overview: Extra scenes of the movie Resurrection F, where future Trunks remembers the battle of Goku againts Freezer.
Title: The Green Mile | Genres: fantasy, drama, crime | Overview: A supernatural tale set on death row in a Southern prison, where gentle giant John Coffey possesses the mysterious power to heal people's ailments. When the cell block's head guard, Paul Edgecomb, recognizes Coffey's miraculous gift, he tries desperately to help stave off the condemned man's execution.
Title: Dreamcatcher | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: The film centers on two estranged sisters who, along with their friends, become entrenched in a 48 hour whirlwind of violence after a traumatic experience at an underground music festival.
Title: The Remaining | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: When a group of close-knit friends assemble for the marriage of Skylar and Dan, they have no idea they will witness The Rapture and face a series of catastrophic events turning the celebration into a life-or-death struggle.
Title: American Reunion | Genres: comedy | Overview: The characters we met a little more than a decade ago return to East Great Falls for their high-school reunion. In one long-overdue weekend, they will discover what has changed, who hasn’t, and that time and distance can’t break the bonds of friendship.
"Title: 17 Again | Genres: comedy | Overview: On the brink of a midlife crisis, 30-something Mike O'Donnell wishes he could have a ""do-over."" And that's exactly what he gets when he wakes up one morning to find he's 17 years old again. With his adult mind stuck inside the body of a teenager, Mike actually has the chance to reverse some decisions he wishes he'd never made. But maybe they weren't so bad after all."
Title: The Scientist | Genres: horror | Overview: An unconventional scientist, struggling to care for his terminally-ill wife, embarks on a journey to develop a cure for her. However, his methods of treatment and tampering with human DNA, could lead to the extinction of humanity.
Title: The Grinch | Genres: animation, family, comedy, fantasy | Overview: The Grinch hatches a scheme to ruin Christmas when the residents of Whoville plan their annual holiday celebration.
Title: A Taste of Hunger | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Maggie and Carsten love each other, they have two wonderful children and run their own gourmet restaurant; Malus. They want it all. And they have it all. Almost. They are missing the coveted Michelin Star. It has been their dream, on which they gambled everything to win. One day Carsten receives a letter saying that his wife loves somebody else. But who sent the letter and why? In their continuous passion and pursuit for the ultimate recognition, they forget that the meals of life are best enjoyed together.
Title: The Hangover Part III | Genres: comedy | Overview: This time, there's no wedding. No bachelor party. What could go wrong, right? But when the Wolfpack hits the road, all bets are off.
Title: Special Forces | Genres: action, drama, war | Overview: Afghanistan. War correspondent Elsa Casanova is taken hostage by the Taliban. Faced with her imminent execution, a Special Forces unit is dispatched to free her. In some of the world’s most breathtaking yet hostile landscapes, a relentless pursuit begins between her kidnappers who have no intention of letting their prey escape them and a group of soldiers who risk their lives in pursuit of their single aim – to bring her home alive. This strong, independent woman and these men of duty are thrown together and forced to confront situations of great danger that inextricably bind them – emotionally, violently and intimately.
Title: August Never Ends | Genres: romance | Overview: A story revolving around two friends with very different personalities - the no-nonsense and rebellious Weiyang and the idealist 'Princess' Qiao. When Xiao Qiao met Weiyang, the two easily became close friends. However, Xiao Qiao's fiancee Chao Yan can't help himself as he falls deeply in love with Weiyang, which crushes Xiao Qiao's fairytale love story. Just as the three are entangled in a world of complications, Weiyang makes a surprising decision.
Title: I Want to Eat Your Pancreas | Genres: animation, drama, romance, family | Overview: After his classmate and crush is diagnosed with a pancreatic disease, an average high schooler sets out to make the most of her final days.
Title: Sentinelle | Genres: thriller, action, drama | Overview: Transferred home after a traumatizing combat mission, a highly trained French soldier uses her lethal skills to hunt down the man who hurt her sister.
Title: Naruto Shippuden the Movie: The Will of Fire | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, drama, fantasy, animation | Overview: Ninjas with bloodline limits begin disappearing in all the countries and blame points toward the fire nation. By Tsunade's order, Kakashi is sacrificed to prevent an all out war. After inheriting charms left by Kakashi, Naruto fights through friends and foes to prevent his death while changing the minds of those who've inherited the will of fire.
Title: Aladdin | Genres: animation, family, adventure, fantasy, romance | Overview: Princess Jasmine grows tired of being forced to remain in the palace, so she sneaks out into the marketplace, in disguise, where she meets street-urchin Aladdin. The couple falls in love, although Jasmine may only marry a prince. After being thrown in jail, Aladdin becomes embroiled in a plot to find a mysterious lamp, with which the evil Jafar hopes to rule the land.
Title: Escape the Undertaker | Genres: horror, mystery, family | Overview: The Undertaker has set a trap for the decorated tag team The New Day at his mansion. What they don't know: The Undertaker's mansion is an extreme Haunted House, packed to the brim with supernatural challenges. It's up to viewers to decide the fate of these poor souls trying to survive the wrath of The Undertaker.
Title: How the Grinch Stole Christmas | Genres: family, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Inside a snowflake exists the magical land of Whoville. In Whoville, live the Whos, an almost mutated sort of Munchkin-like people. All the Whos love Christmas, yet just outside of their beloved Whoville lives the Grinch. The Grinch is a nasty creature that hates Christmas, and plots to steal it away from the Whos, whom he equally abhors. Yet a small child, Cindy Lou Who, decides to try befriending the Grinch.
Title: Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: The surviving Resistance faces the First Order once again as the journey of Rey, Finn and Poe Dameron continues. With the power and knowledge of generations behind them, the final battle begins.
Title: Sucker Punch | Genres: action, fantasy, thriller | Overview: A young girl is institutionalized by her abusive stepfather. Retreating to an alternative reality as a coping strategy, she envisions a plan which will help her escape from the mental facility.
Title: Cell 211 | Genres: action, thriller, drama | Overview: The story of two men on different sides of a prison riot -- the inmate leading the rebellion and the young guard trapped in the revolt, who poses as a prisoner in a desperate attempt to survive the ordeal.
Title: Pixels | Genres: action, comedy, science fiction | Overview: Video game experts are recruited by the military to fight 1980s-era video game characters who've attacked New York.
Title: No Sudden Move | Genres: crime, drama, mystery | Overview: A group of criminals are brought together under mysterious circumstances and have to work together to uncover what's really going on when their simple job goes completely sideways.
Title: Bambi | Genres: animation, drama, family | Overview: Bambi's tale unfolds from season to season as the young prince of the forest learns about life, love, and friends.
Title: Yes Man | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Carl Allen has stumbled across a way to shake free of post-divorce blues and a dead-end job: embrace life and say yes to everything.
Title: Butchers | Genres: horror | Overview: A family of sadistic butchers lives deep inside the backcountry. From the dead of winter to the dog days of summer, anyone who crosses their path is dead meat.
Title: The Exorcist | Genres: horror | Overview: 12-year-old Regan MacNeil begins to adapt an explicit new personality as strange events befall the local area of Georgetown. Her mother becomes torn between science and superstition in a desperate bid to save her daughter, and ultimately turns to her last hope: Father Damien Karras, a troubled priest who is struggling with his own faith.
Title: The New Mutants | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: Five young mutants, just discovering their abilities while held in a secret facility against their will, fight to escape their past sins and save themselves.
Title: TEKKEN | Genres: crime, drama, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: In the year of 2039, after World Wars destroy much of the civilization as we know it, territories are no longer run by governments, but by corporations; the mightiest of which is the Mishima Zaibatsu. In order to placate the seething masses of this dystopia, Mishima sponsors Tekken, a tournament in which fighters battle until only one is left standing.
Title: Mickey's Tale of Two Witches | Genres: animation | Overview: On Halloween, Mickey tells a tale of two witches-in-training, Minnie and Daisy, who must pass four tests to graduate from the With Academy in Happy Haunt Hills.
Title: Euphoria | Genres: drama | Overview: The story of two sisters on a journey, where they try to get close to each other and approach the tough questions in life. Euphoria is a contemporary drama about responsibility and reconciliation, in a world where these concepts are gradually being lost.
Title: Dumbo | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Dumbo is a baby elephant born with over-sized ears and a supreme lack of confidence. But thanks to his even more diminutive buddy Timothy the Mouse, the pint-sized pachyderm learns to surmount all obstacles.
Title: Werewolves Within | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: When a proposed pipeline creates hostilities between residents of a small town, a newly-arrived forest ranger must keep the peace after a snowstorm confines the townspeople to an old lodge. But when a mysterious creature begins terrorizing the group, their worst tendencies and prejudices rise to the surface, and it is up to the ranger to keep the residents alive, both from each other and the monster which plagues them.
Title: Wrath of the Titans | Genres: fantasy, adventure | Overview: Perseus tries to live a quieter life as a village fisherman while - dangerously weakened by humanity's lack of devotion - the gods are losing control of the long-imprisoned Titans and their ferocious leader, Kronos.
Title: Unknown | Genres: action, mystery, thriller | Overview: A man awakens from a coma, only to discover that someone has taken on his identity and that no one, (not even his wife), believes him. With the help of a young woman, he sets out to prove who he is.
Title: Megalodon | Genres: action, science fiction, horror, tv movie | Overview: A military vessel on the search for an unidentified submersible finds themselves face to face with a giant shark, forced to use only what they have on board to defend themselves from the monstrous beast.
Title: The Texas Chain Saw Massacre | Genres: horror | Overview: When Sally hears that her grandfather's grave may have been vandalized, she and her paraplegic brother, Franklin, set out with their friends to investigate. After a detour to their family's old farmhouse, they discover a group of crazed, murderous outcasts living next door. As the group is attacked one by one by the chainsaw-wielding Leatherface, who wears a mask of human skin, the survivors must do everything they can to escape.
Title: Batman: Hush | Genres: science fiction, crime, animation, mystery, action | Overview: A mysterious new villain known only as Hush uses a gallery of villains to destroy Batman's crime-fighting career as well as Bruce Wayne's personal life, which has been further complicated by a relationship with Selina Kyle/Catwoman.
Title: Phineas and Ferb: The Movie: Candace Against the Universe | Genres: family, animation, science fiction, comedy, tv movie | Overview: Phineas and Ferb travel across the galaxy to rescue their older sister Candace, who has been abducted by aliens and taken to a utopia in a far-off planet, free of her pesky little brothers.
Title: Alice in Wonderland | Genres: animation, family, fantasy, adventure | Overview: On a golden afternoon, young Alice follows a White Rabbit, who disappears down a nearby rabbit hole. Quickly following him, she tumbles into the burrow - and enters the merry, topsy-turvy world of Wonderland! Memorable songs and whimsical escapades highlight Alice's journey, which culminates in a madcap encounter with the Queen of Hearts - and her army of playing cards!
"Title: A Whisker Away | Genres: animation, drama, romance, fantasy | Overview: Miyo ""Muge"" Sasaki is a peculiar second-year junior high student who has fallen in love with her classmate Kento Hinode. Muge resolutely pursues Kento every day, but he takes no notice of her. Nevertheless, while carrying a secret she can tell no one, Muge continues to pursue Kento. Muge discovers a magic mask that allows her to transform into a cat named Tarō. The magic lets Muge get close to Kento, but eventually it may also make her unable to transform back to a human."
Title: Lulli | Genres: comedy, romance, fantasy | Overview: After getting electrocuted by an MRI machine, an ambitious young medical student begins to hear the thoughts of others.
Title: The Secret Life of Pets 2 | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: Max the terrier must cope with some major life changes when his owner gets married and has a baby. When the family takes a trip to the countryside, nervous Max has numerous run-ins with canine-intolerant cows, hostile foxes and a scary turkey. Luckily for Max, he soon catches a break when he meets Rooster, a gruff farm dog who tries to cure the lovable pooch of his neuroses.
Title: The Virtuoso | Genres: thriller | Overview: A lonesome stranger with nerves of steel must track down and kill a rogue hitman to satisfy an outstanding debt. But the only information he's been given is a time and location where to find his quarry. No name. No description. Nothing.
Title: Assassins | Genres: documentary | Overview: True crime meets global spy thriller in this gripping account of the assassination of Kim Jong-nam, the half brother of the North Korean leader. The film follows the trial of the two female assassins, probing the question: were the women trained killers or innocent pawns of North Korea?
Title: Dragon Ball Z: Lord Slug | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: A Super Namekian named Slug comes to invade Earth. But the Z Warriors do their best to stop Slug and his gang.
Title: Uncle Drew | Genres: comedy | Overview: Uncle Drew recruits a squad of older basketball players to return to the court to compete in a tournament.
Title: Fairy Tail: Dragon Cry | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, fantasy, animation | Overview: Natsu Dragneel and his friends travel to the island Kingdom of Stella, where they will reveal dark secrets, fight the new enemies and once again save the world from destruction.
Title: Dinosaur Hotel | Genres: horror, science fiction, mystery | Overview: Sienna is desperate to win a large cash prize in a secret underground game show. However, Dinosaur's begin to hunt her down for the entertainment of the rich and wealthy. Can she be the last to survive the horrific night to win the prize?
Title: Saving Private Ryan | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: As U.S. troops storm the beaches of Normandy, three brothers lie dead on the battlefield, with a fourth trapped behind enemy lines. Ranger captain John Miller and seven men are tasked with penetrating German-held territory and bringing the boy home.
Title: Insurgent | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Beatrice Prior must confront her inner demons and continue her fight against a powerful alliance which threatens to tear her society apart.
Title: No Strings Attached | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Emma is a busy doctor who sets up a seemingly perfect arrangement when she offers her best friend Adam a relationship with one rule: No strings attached. But when a fling becomes a thing, can sex friends stay best friends?
Title: The First Purge | Genres: horror, action, thriller | Overview: To push the crime rate below one percent for the rest of the year, the New Founding Fathers of America test a sociological theory that vents aggression for one night in one isolated community. But when the violence of oppressors meets the rage of the others, the contagion will explode from the trial-city borders and spread across the nation.
Title: xXx: Return of Xander Cage | Genres: action, adventure, crime | Overview: Extreme athlete turned government operative Xander Cage comes out of self-imposed exile, thought to be long dead, and is set on a collision course with deadly alpha warrior Xiang and his team in a race to recover a sinister and seemingly unstoppable weapon known as Pandora's Box. Recruiting an all-new group of thrill-seeking cohorts, Xander finds himself enmeshed in a deadly conspiracy that points to collusion at the highest levels of world governments.
Title: Blended | Genres: comedy | Overview: After a bad blind date, a man and woman find themselves stuck together at a resort for families, where their attractions grows as their respective kids benefit from the burgeoning relationship.
Title: Star Wars: The Force Awakens | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: Thirty years after defeating the Galactic Empire, Han Solo and his allies face a new threat from the evil Kylo Ren and his army of Stormtroopers.
Title: Bloodthirsty | Genres: horror | Overview: When indie singer Grey struggles to write her sophomore album, she teams up with a mysterious producer at his secluded cabin. Though their bond strengthens her music, it also starts to irreparably alter Grey’s body and mind.
Title: Suicide Squad | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: From DC Comics comes the Suicide Squad, an antihero team of incarcerated supervillains who act as deniable assets for the United States government, undertaking high-risk black ops missions in exchange for commuted prison sentences.
Title: The Seventh Day | Genres: horror | Overview: A renowned exorcist teams up with a rookie priest for his first day of training. As they plunge deeper into hell on earth, the lines between good and evil blur, and their own demons emerge.
Title: Scream | Genres: crime, horror, mystery | Overview: A killer known as Ghostface begins killing off teenagers, and as the body count begins rising, one girl and her friends find themselves contemplating the 'rules' of horror films as they find themselves living in a real-life one.
Title: The Good Dinosaur | Genres: adventure, animation, family | Overview: An epic journey into the world of dinosaurs where an Apatosaurus named Arlo makes an unlikely human friend.
"Title: Saint Seiya: Legend of Sanctuary | Genres: action, animation, fantasy | Overview: Warriors called ""Saints"" are the champions of hope who have always appeared since the Age of Myth whenever evil threatens the world. In this present day story, many years since the long fought ""Holy War"" we find Saori Kido, a girl troubled by her mysterious powers. She is saved by a boy, Seiya ""Bronze Saint"" from a sudden attack by an assassin, through the accident Saori realizes her destiny and mission and decides to go to ""Sanctuary"" with Seiya and his company of Bronze Saints. In Sanctuary they confront ""Pope"" and wage a desperate battle against the greatest Saints, the ""Gold Saints""."
Title: Alone | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A recently widowed traveler is kidnapped by a cold blooded killer, only to escape into the wilderness where she is forced to battle against the elements as her pursuer closes in on her.
Title: America: The Motion Picture | Genres: animation, action, comedy | Overview: A chainsaw-wielding George Washington teams with beer-loving bro Sam Adams to take down the Brits in a tongue-in-cheek riff on the American Revolution.
Title: Kong: Skull Island | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Explore the mysterious and dangerous home of the king of the apes as a team of explorers ventures deep inside the treacherous, primordial island.
Title: Zombieland | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: Columbus has made a habit of running from what scares him. Tallahassee doesn't have fears. If he did, he'd kick their ever-living ass. In a world overrun by zombies, these two are perfectly evolved survivors. But now, they're about to stare down the most terrifying prospect of all: each other.
Title: Annabelle Comes Home | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: Determined to keep Annabelle from wreaking more havoc, demonologists Ed and Lorraine Warren bring the possessed doll to the locked artifacts room in their home, placing her “safely” behind sacred glass and enlisting a priest’s holy blessing. But an unholy night of horror awaits as Annabelle awakens the evil spirits in the room, who all set their sights on a new target—the Warrens' ten-year-old daughter, Judy, and her friends.
Title: Jackie Chan Kung Fu Master | Genres: action, comedy, family | Overview: Jackie Chan is the undefeated Kung Fu Master who dishes out the action in traditional Jackie Chan style. When a young boy sets out to learn how to fight from the Master himself, he not only witnesses some spectacular fights, but learns some important life lessons along the way.
Title: Thinking XXX | Genres: documentary | Overview: For a book project, photographer Timothy Greenfield-Sanders took photographs of 30 stars of adult movies, each pair of photographs in the same pose, clothed and nude. This film records the photo shoots and includes interviews with the performers and commentary from eight writers (and John Waters). The actors and writers discuss economics, nudity and exhibitionism, careers, and private lives.
Title: Attack on Titan | Genres: horror, fantasy, action, science fiction | Overview: 100 years ago, titans suddenly appeared on Earth. Soon, human civilization veered on collapse due to the titans. Humans then built a giant wall to defend themselves. Within the giant walls, humans lived in peace, but, 100 years later, the giant wall is broken.
Title: My Father's Violin | Genres: drama, music | Overview: Through their shared grief and connection to music, an orphaned girl bonds with her emotionally aloof, successful violinist uncle.
Title: Millonario sin amor | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: A successful TV executive changes his identity and moves to a poor neighborhood in search of real human connection. There, he falls for an aspiring actress trying to start her career at the channel he runs.
Title: TRON: Legacy | Genres: adventure, action, science fiction | Overview: Sam Flynn, the tech-savvy and daring son of Kevin Flynn, investigates his father's disappearance and is pulled into The Grid. With the help of a mysterious program named Quorra, Sam quests to stop evil dictator Clu from crossing into the real world.
Title: Godzilla | Genres: action, drama, science fiction | Overview: Ford Brody, a Navy bomb expert, has just reunited with his family in San Francisco when he is forced to go to Japan to help his estranged father, Joe. Soon, both men are swept up in an escalating crisis when an ancient alpha predator arises from the sea to combat malevolent adversaries that threaten the survival of humanity. The creatures leave colossal destruction in their wake, as they make their way toward their final battleground: San Francisco.
Title: Men in Black 3 | Genres: action, comedy, science fiction | Overview: Agents J and K are back...in time. J has seen some inexplicable things in his 15 years with the Men in Black, but nothing, not even aliens, perplexes him as much as his wry, reticent partner. But when K's life and the fate of the planet are put at stake, Agent J will have to travel back in time to put things right. J discovers that there are secrets to the universe that K never told him - secrets that will reveal themselves as he teams up with the young Agent K to save his partner, the agency, and the future of humankind.
Title: Descendants | Genres: family, music, adventure, comedy, fantasy, tv movie | Overview: A present-day idyllic kingdom where the benevolent teenage son of King Adam and Queen Belle offers a chance of redemption for the troublemaking offspring of Disney's classic villains: Cruella De Vil (Carlos), Maleficent (Mal), the Evil Queen (Evie) and Jafar (Jay).
Title: Sleeping Beauty | Genres: fantasy, animation, romance, family | Overview: A beautiful princess born in a faraway kingdom is destined by a terrible curse to prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and fall into a deep sleep that can only be awakened by true love's first kiss. Determined to protect her, her parents ask three fairies to raise her in hiding. But the evil Maleficent is just as determined to seal the princess's fate.
Title: Split | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Though Kevin has evidenced 23 personalities to his trusted psychiatrist, Dr. Fletcher, there remains one still submerged who is set to materialize and dominate all the others. Compelled to abduct three teenage girls led by the willful, observant Casey, Kevin reaches a war for survival among all of those contained within him — as well as everyone around him — as the walls between his compartments shatter apart.
Title: Vanquish | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Victoria is a young mother trying to put her dark past as a Russian drug courier behind her, but retired cop Damon forces Victoria to do his bidding by holding her daughter hostage. Now, Victoria must use guns, guts and a motorcycle to take out a series of violent gangsters—or she may never see her child again.
Title: The Tax Collector | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: David Cuevas is a family man who works as a gangland tax collector for high ranking Los Angeles gang members. He makes collections across the city with his partner Creeper making sure people pay up or will see retaliation. An old threat returns to Los Angeles that puts everything David loves in harm’s way.
Title: Dragon Ball Z: The Real 4-D at Super Tenkaichi Budokai | Genres: action, animation, adventure | Overview: Dragon Ball Z: The Real 4-D at Super Tenkaichi Budoka is a cinematic attraction at Universal Studios Japan and the successor to Dragon Ball Z: The Real 4-D. Like its predecessor, it is a new installment in the Dragon Ball series, this time primarily featuring the face off between Super Saiyan Blue Goku and Broly God.
Title: Hansel & Gretel: Witch Hunters | Genres: fantasy, horror, action | Overview: After getting a taste for blood as children, Hansel and Gretel have become the ultimate vigilantes, hell-bent on retribution. Now, unbeknownst to them, Hansel and Gretel have become the hunted, and must face an evil far greater than witches... their past.
"Title: Kabaneri of the Iron Fortress: The Battle of Unato | Genres: animation, action, fantasy, adventure | Overview: Half a year after the events of the series ""Kabaneri of the Iron Fortress"", the team attempt to take back Unato castle."
Title: New Gods: Nezha Reborn | Genres: animation, action, fantasy | Overview: While living as an ordinary deliveryman and motor racing fan, Nezha encounters old nemeses and must rediscover his powers to protect his loved ones.
Title: The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2 | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: With the nation of Panem in a full scale war, Katniss confronts President Snow in the final showdown. Teamed with a group of her closest friends – including Gale, Finnick, and Peeta – Katniss goes off on a mission with the unit from District 13 as they risk their lives to stage an assassination attempt on President Snow who has become increasingly obsessed with destroying her. The mortal traps, enemies, and moral choices that await Katniss will challenge her more than any arena she faced in The Hunger Games.
Title: Those Who Wish Me Dead | Genres: thriller | Overview: A young boy finds himself pursued by two assassins in the Montana wilderness, with a survival expert determined to protect him, and a forest fire threatening to consume them all.
Title: A Boy Called Christmas | Genres: family, adventure, fantasy | Overview: An ordinary young boy called Nikolas sets out on an extraordinary adventure into the snowy north in search of his father who is on a quest to discover the fabled village of the elves, Elfhelm. Taking with him a headstrong reindeer called Blitzen and a loyal pet mouse, Nikolas soon meets his destiny in this magical and endearing story that proves nothing is impossible…
Title: Cinderella | Genres: fantasy, romance, comedy | Overview: Cinderella, an orphaned girl with an evil stepmother, has big dreams and with the help of her Fabulous Godmother, she perseveres to make them come true.
Title: One Hundred and One Dalmatians | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: When a litter of dalmatian puppies are abducted by the minions of Cruella De Vil, the parents must find them before she uses them for a diabolical fashion statement. In a Disney animation classic, Dalmatian Pongo is tired of his bachelor-dog life. He spies lovely Perdita and maneuvers his master, Roger, into meeting Perdita's owner, Anita. The owners fall in love and marry, keeping Pongo and Perdita together too. After Perdita gives birth to a litter of 15 puppies, Anita's old school friend Cruella De Vil wants to buy them all. Roger declines her offer, so Cruella hires the criminal Badun brothers to steal them -- so she can have a fur coat.
Title: Dragon Ball: Yo! Son Goku and His Friends Return!! | Genres: animation, action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: A 35-minute Dragon Ball animated short film that premiered at the Jump Super Anime Tour in September 2008. It is the first animated Dragon Ball feature in twelve years, following the tenth anniversary film The Path to Power.
Title: The Kissing Booth | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: When teenager Elle's first kiss leads to a forbidden romance with the hottest boy in high school, she risks her relationship with her best friend.
Title: Now You See Me | Genres: thriller, crime | Overview: An FBI agent and an Interpol detective track a team of illusionists who pull off bank heists during their performances and reward their audiences with the money.
Title: The Purge: Election Year | Genres: action, horror, thriller | Overview: Two years after choosing not to kill the man who killed his son, former police sergeant Leo Barnes has become head of security for Senator Charlene Roan, the front runner in the next Presidential election due to her vow to eliminate the Purge. On the night of what should be the final Purge, a betrayal from within the government forces Barnes and Roan out onto the street where they must fight to survive the night.
Title: Long Story Short | Genres: romance, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Teddy wakes up the morning after his wedding to discover that he's jumped forward a year in his life to his first anniversary. Trapped in an endless cycle of time jumps, transported another year ahead every few minutes, he is faced with a race against time as his life crumbles around him.
Title: Is It Wrong to Try to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon?: Arrow of the Orion | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, fantasy, romance, animation | Overview: In the city of Orario, beneath an impossibly tall tower, lies the dungeon. Only adventurers who form partnerships with the gods themselves have any hope of defeating the monsters that lie within. But the dungeon is not the only place where monsters exist. Far from Orario, in the ruins of an ancient city, a new threat arises. To counter this threat, the goddess Artemis has come to Orario in search of a champion—but it’s not Ais Wallenstein (the legendary Sword Princess) nor Ottar (the strongest warrior to ever enter the dungeon) that she chooses. Rather it is Bell Cranel, a newbie adventurer partnered with a low-tier goddess.
"Title: A Haunted House | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: Malcolm and Kisha move into their dream home, but soon learn a demon also resides there. When Kisha becomes possessed, Malcolm - determined to keep his sex life on track - turns to a priest, a psychic, and a team of ghost-busters for help in this spoof of all the ""found-footage/documentary style"" films released in recent years."
Title: 22 Bullets | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: Charly Matteï has turned his back on his life as an outlaw. For the last three years, he's led a peaceful life devoting himself to his wife and two children. Then, one winter morning, he's left for dead in the parking garage in Marseille's Old Port, with 22 bullets in his body. Against all the odds, he doesn't die...
Title: 101 Dalmatians | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: An evil, high-fashion designer plots to steal Dalmatian puppies in order to make an extravagant fur coat, but instead creates an extravagant mess.
"Title: The Jungle Book | Genres: family, animation, adventure | Overview: The boy Mowgli makes his way to the man-village with Bagheera, the wise panther. Along the way he meets jazzy King Louie, the hypnotic snake Kaa and the lovable, happy-go-lucky bear Baloo, who teaches Mowgli ""The Bare Necessities"" of life and the true meaning of friendship."
Title: It | Genres: horror, fantasy | Overview: In a small town in Maine, seven children known as The Losers Club come face to face with life problems, bullies and a monster that takes the shape of a clown called Pennywise.
Title: Trolls World Tour | Genres: family, animation, comedy, fantasy, adventure, music | Overview: Queen Poppy and Branch make a surprising discovery — there are other Troll worlds beyond their own, and their distinct differences create big clashes between these various tribes. When a mysterious threat puts all of the Trolls across the land in danger, Poppy, Branch, and their band of friends must embark on an epic quest to create harmony among the feuding Trolls to unite them against certain doom.
Title: The Lost City | Genres: comedy, action, romance, adventure | Overview: Follows a reclusive romance novelist who was sure nothing could be worse than getting stuck on a book tour with her cover model, until a kidnapping attempt sweeps them both into a cutthroat jungle adventure, proving life can be so much stranger, and more romantic, than any of her paperback fictions.
Title: Vacation Friends | Genres: comedy | Overview: When a straight-laced couple that has fun with a rowdy couple on vacation in Mexico return to the States, they discover that the crazy couple they met in Mexico followed them back home and decide to play tricks on them.
Title: Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol | Genres: action, thriller, adventure | Overview: Ethan Hunt and his team are racing against time to track down a dangerous terrorist named Hendricks, who has gained access to Russian nuclear launch codes and is planning a strike on the United States. An attempt to stop him ends in an explosion causing severe destruction to the Kremlin and the IMF to be implicated in the bombing, forcing the President to disavow them. No longer being aided by the government, Ethan and his team chase Hendricks around the globe, although they might still be too late to stop a disaster.
"Title: The Little Things | Genres: thriller, crime, drama | Overview: Deputy Sheriff Joe ""Deke"" Deacon joins forces with Sgt. Jim Baxter to search for a serial killer who's terrorizing Los Angeles. As they track the culprit, Baxter is unaware that the investigation is dredging up echoes of Deke's past, uncovering disturbing secrets that could threaten more than his case."
Title: Tokyo Ghoul | Genres: action, drama, horror, thriller | Overview: A Tokyo college student is attacked by a ghoul, a super-powered human who feeds on human flesh. He survives, but has become part ghoul and becomes a fugitive on the run.
Title: John Wick | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Ex-hitman John Wick comes out of retirement to track down the gangsters that took everything from him.
Title: Hotel Transylvania 2 | Genres: family, animation, comedy, fantasy | Overview: When the old-old-old-fashioned vampire Vlad arrives at the hotel for an impromptu family get-together, Hotel Transylvania is in for a collision of supernatural old-school and modern day cool.
Title: Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle | Genres: adventure, action, comedy, fantasy | Overview: The tables are turned as four teenagers are sucked into Jumanji's world - pitted against rhinos, black mambas and an endless variety of jungle traps and puzzles. To survive, they'll play as characters from the game.
Title: A Walk Among the Tombstones | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Private investigator Matthew Scudder is hired by a drug kingpin to find out who kidnapped and murdered his wife.
Title: Underworld: Awakening | Genres: fantasy, action, horror | Overview: Having escaped years of imprisonment, vampire warrioress Selene finds herself in a changed world where humans have discovered the existence of both Vampire and Lycan clans and are conducting an all-out war to eradicate both immortal species. Now Selene must battle the humans and a frightening new breed of super Lycans to ensure the death dealers' survival.
Title: Young and Wild | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Daniela, raised in the bosom of a strict Evangelical family and recently unmasked as a fornicator by her shocked parents, struggles to find her own path to spiritual harmony.
Title: Wild Card | Genres: thriller, crime, action | Overview: When a Las Vegas bodyguard with lethal skills and a gambling problem gets in trouble with the mob, he has one last play… and it's all or nothing.
Title: Tune in for Love | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: In 1994, on the first day that Yoo Yeul went on air as the new DJ of the popular radio show ‘Music Album,' a college girl Mi-su meets Hyun-woo who happens to drop by the bakery she works at. Like the music streaming from the radio, their frequencies slowly come in sync; even when they're apart, the show brings them together through ebbs and flows of events arising from both pure coincidence and inevitability, until the bitter reality sets in and drives them apart...
Title: The Sorcerer and the White Snake | Genres: action, fantasy | Overview: The Sorcerer and the White Snake is an ancient Chinese fable about a woman demon who falls in love with a mortal is brought to life through the latest advances in CGI and action techniques.
Title: The Funeral Home | Genres: horror | Overview: Bernardo is an undertaker. He runs his mortuary business in the same house where he resides. In the front, he has his clients. And in the back, his dysfunctional family lives amongst coffins, wreaths, and the mischievous but nonviolent ghosts that visit on a daily basis. But when a malevolent entity enters the scene, it wreaks havoc on the already fractured household.
Title: Peter Pan | Genres: animation, family, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Leaving the safety of their nursery behind, Wendy, Michael and John follow Peter Pan to a magical world where childhood lasts forever. But while in Neverland, the kids must face Captain Hook and foil his attempts to get rid of Peter for good.
Title: Star Wars: The Last Jedi | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: Rey develops her newly discovered abilities with the guidance of Luke Skywalker, who is unsettled by the strength of her powers. Meanwhile, the Resistance prepares to do battle with the First Order.
Title: The Book of Life | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: The journey of Manolo, a young man who is torn between fulfilling the expectations of his family and following his heart. Before choosing which path to follow, he embarks on an incredible adventure that spans three fantastical worlds where he must face his greatest fears.
Title: Bumblebee | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: On the run in the year 1987, Bumblebee finds refuge in a junkyard in a small Californian beach town. Charlie, on the cusp of turning 18 and trying to find her place in the world, discovers Bumblebee, battle-scarred and broken. When Charlie revives him, she quickly learns this is no ordinary yellow VW bug.
Title: Maquia: When the Promised Flower Blooms | Genres: animation, fantasy, romance, drama | Overview: Maquia is a member of a special race called the Iorph who can live for hundreds of years. However, Maquia has always felt lonely despite being surrounded by her people, as she was orphaned from a young age. She daydreams about the outside world, but dares not travel from her home due to the warnings of the clan's chief. One day the kingdom of Mezarte invades her homeland. They already have what is left of the giant dragons, the Renato, under their control, and now their king wishes to add the immortality to his bloodline. They ravage the Iorph homeland and kill most of its inhabitants. Caught in the midst of the attack, Maquia is carried off by one of the Renato. It soon dies, and she is left deserted in a forest, now truly alone save for the cries of a single baby off in the distance. Maquia finds the baby in a destroyed village and decides to raise him as her own, naming him Ariel. Although she knows nothing of the human world, how to raise a child that ages much faster than her.
Title: Benny Loves You | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: Jack, a man desperate to improve his life, throws away his beloved childhood plush, Benny. It’s a move that has disastrous consequences when Benny springs to life with deadly intentions!
Title: Licorice Pizza | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: The story of Alana Kane and Gary Valentine growing up, running around and going through the treacherous navigation of first love in the San Fernando Valley, 1973.
Title: The Larva Island Movie | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Back at home, Chuck relates the island shenanigans of his larva pals Red and Yellow to a skeptical reporter in this movie sequel to the hit cartoon.
Title: Finding Grace | Genres: drama | Overview: A struggling family, already on the verge of disintegration, faces new challenges that will test their faith in God and each other.
Title: Batman: The Killing Joke | Genres: action, animation, crime, drama | Overview: As Batman hunts for the escaped Joker, the Clown Prince of Crime attacks the Gordon family to prove a diabolical point mirroring his own fall into madness.
Title: Countdown | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A young nurse downloads an app that tells her she only has three days to live. With time ticking away and a mysterious figure haunting her, she must find a way to save her life before time runs out.
Title: Don't Be a Menace to South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood | Genres: comedy | Overview: When Ashtray (Shawn Wayans) moves to South Central L.A. to live with his father (who appears to be the same age he is) and grandmother (who likes to talk tough and smoke reefer), he falls in with his gang-banging cousin Loc Dog (Marlon Wayans), who along with the requisite pistols and Uzi carries a thermo-nuclear warhead for self-defense. Will Ashtray be able to keep living the straight life?
Title: Stay Out of the Attic | Genres: horror | Overview: A diverse group of ex-cons-turned-movers are convinced by their creepy client, Vern Muller, to pull an all-nighter for a generous pay bump. As the night progresses and rooms are cleared, they slowly uncover the horrors that exist inside his old Victorian mansion, which include boobytraps, human experimentation, Nazi monsters and more. Will they survive the night?
Title: Alien: Covenant | Genres: horror, science fiction, mystery | Overview: Bound for a remote planet on the far side of the galaxy, the crew of the colony ship 'Covenant' discovers what is thought to be an uncharted paradise, but is actually a dark, dangerous world—which has a sole inhabitant: the 'synthetic', David, survivor of the doomed Prometheus expedition.
Title: Divergent | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: In a world divided into factions based on personality types, Tris learns that she's been classified as Divergent and won't fit in. When she discovers a plot to destroy Divergents, Tris and the mysterious Four must find out what makes Divergents dangerous before it's too late.
Title: Geostorm | Genres: action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: After an unprecedented series of natural disasters threatened the planet, the world's leaders came together to create an intricate network of satellites to control the global climate and keep everyone safe. But now, something has gone wrong: the system built to protect Earth is attacking it, and it becomes a race against the clock to uncover the real threat before a worldwide geostorm wipes out everything and everyone along with it.
Title: The Flu | Genres: action, drama, science fiction | Overview: A case of the flu quickly morphs into a pandemic. As the death toll mounts and the living panic, the government plans extreme measures to contain it.
Title: Baba Yaga: Terror of the Dark Forest | Genres: horror | Overview: The young family who moved to a new apartment on the outskirts of the city. The nanny hired by them for the newborn daughter quickly gained confidence. However, the older boy, Egor, talks about the frightening behavior of a woman, but his parents do not believe him. The surveillance cameras installed by the father for comfort only confirm everything is in order. Then one day, Egor, returning home, finds no trace of either the nanny or the little sister, and the parents are in a strange trance and do not even remember that they had a daughter. Then Egor, together with his friends, goes in search, during which it turns out that the nanny is an ancient Slavic demon, popularly known as Baba Yaga.
Title: Fifty Shades of Black | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: An inexperienced college student meets a wealthy businessman whose sexual practices put a strain on their relationship.
Title: The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas | Genres: war, drama, history | Overview: When his family moves from their home in Berlin to a strange new house in Poland, young Bruno befriends Shmuel, a boy who lives on the other side of the fence where everyone seems to be wearing striped pajamas. Unaware of Shmuel's fate as a Jewish prisoner or the role his own Nazi father plays in his imprisonment, Bruno embarks on a dangerous journey inside the camp's walls.
Title: Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children | Genres: fantasy, adventure, family, drama | Overview: A teenager finds himself transported to an island where he must help protect a group of orphans with special powers from creatures intent on destroying them.
Title: The King's Avatar: For the Glory | Genres: animation, action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Prequel movie to the animated series The King's Avatar, dealing with Ye Xiu's original entry into the pro gaming world of Glory, and the first Pro League series tournament.
Title: Black Island | Genres: thriller | Overview: The dark secrets of a seemingly peaceful island threaten to swallow up an orphaned student when he grows close to a mysterious new teacher.
"Title: Kung Fu Panda 3 | Genres: action, adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: Continuing his ""legendary adventures of awesomeness"", Po must face two hugely epic, but different threats: one supernatural and the other a little closer to his home."
Title: Tad, the Lost Explorer, and the Secret of King Midas | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Tad dreams of becoming an archaeologist traveling the world, uncovering hidden secrets and lost treasure, but his job working construction keeps him daydreaming instead of exploring. The chance of a lifetime comes when he is invited to attend archaeologist Sara Lavrof's presentation of her latest discovery - the papyrus that proves the existence of the Necklace of Midas, the legendary King who turned everything he touched into solid gold.
Title: Monkey King: Hero Is Back | Genres: fantasy, animation, comedy | Overview: The all-powerful Monkey King once roamed freely between Heaven and Earth, but after angering the Gods, he was imprisoned within an ice cage deep within the mountains. 500 years later, monsters attack a small village and a child flees to the mountains. Unknowingly, the child releases the Monkey King from his curse. With the help and encouragement from this special child, Monkey King saves the village from the evil monsters.
Title: That's My Boy | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: While in his teens, Donny fathered a son, Todd, and raised him as a single parent up until Todd's 18th birthday. Now, after not seeing each other for years, Todd's world comes crashing down when Donny resurfaces just before Todd's wedding.
Title: Justice Society: World War II | Genres: animation, war, science fiction | Overview: When the Flash finds himself dropped into the middle of World War II, he joins forces with Wonder Woman and her top-secret team known as the Justice Society of America.
"Title: The Fox and the Hound 2 | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: Best friends Tod, a fox kit, and Copper, a hound puppy, visit a country fair when they see a band of dogs called ""The Singin' Strays"". The band has five members: Dixie, Cash, Granny Rose, and twin brothers Waylon and Floyd. It is important that they perform well because a talent scout is visiting."
Title: WALL·E | Genres: animation, family, science fiction | Overview: WALL·E is the last robot left on an Earth that has been overrun with garbage and all humans have fled to outer space. For 700 years he has continued to try and clean up the mess, but has developed some rather interesting human-like qualities. When a ship arrives with a sleek new type of robot, WALL·E thinks he's finally found a friend and stows away on the ship when it leaves.
Title: Five Feet Apart | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Seventeen-year-old Stella spends most of her time in the hospital as a cystic fibrosis patient. Her life is full of routines, boundaries and self-control — all of which get put to the test when she meets Will, an impossibly charming teen who has the same illness. There's an instant flirtation, though restrictions dictate that they must maintain a safe distance between them. As their connection intensifies, so does the temptation to throw the rules out the window and embrace that attraction.
Title: Baby Driver | Genres: action, crime | Overview: After being coerced into working for a crime boss, a young getaway driver finds himself taking part in a heist doomed to fail.
Title: Blitz | Genres: crime, action, thriller | Overview: A tough cop is dispatched to take down a serial killer who has been targeting police officers.
Title: Saga of Tanya the Evil: The Movie | Genres: animation, action, war, fantasy | Overview: With its armies sweeping across the continent, the Empire seems unstoppable. After securing victory over the remnants of the Republic's army, the Empire's ultimate victory is finally within reach. However, dark clouds are gathering in the East. The communist-led Russy Federation is mustering troops on its western border, preparing to enter the war. Supported by a detachment of Allied volunteer magicians—among whom is Mary Sioux, the daughter of a soldier killed by Tanya—the Federation is determined to spread the communist creed and bring the Empire to its knees. Meanwhile, Tanya and her battalion return to the imperial capital from the southern front. Upon their arrival, they are tasked with investigating troop movements on the border with the Federation. Any escalation of violence at this point may lead to new conflicts, plunging the world into a global war. Will the Empire eventually emerge victorious from its struggle, or will it crumble in the face radically different ideologies?
Title: Descendants 3 | Genres: family, tv movie, music, adventure, fantasy | Overview: The teenagers of Disney's most infamous villains return to the Isle of the Lost to recruit a new batch of villainous offspring to join them at Auradon Prep.
Title: Cherry | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Cherry drifts from college dropout to army medic in Iraq - anchored only by his true love, Emily. But after returning from the war with PTSD, his life spirals into drugs and crime as he struggles to find his place in the world.
Title: Hypnotic | Genres: thriller, drama, horror | Overview: A young woman seeking self-improvement enlists the help of a renowned hypnotist but, after a handful of intense sessions, discovers unexpected and deadly consequences.
Title: I See You | Genres: thriller, mystery, horror, crime | Overview: When a 12-year-old boy goes missing, lead investigator Greg Harper struggles to balance the pressure of the investigation and troubles with his wife, Jackie. Facing a recent affair, great strain is put on the family that slowly gnaws away at Jackie's grip on reality. But after a malicious presence manifests itself in their home and puts their son, Connor, in mortal danger, the cold, hard truth about evil in the Harper household is finally uncovered.
Title: The Tender Bar | Genres: drama | Overview: J.R. is a fatherless boy growing up in the glow of a bar where the bartender, his Uncle Charlie, is the sharpest and most colorful of an assortment of quirky and demonstrative father figures. As the boy’s determined mother struggles to provide her son with opportunities denied to her — and leave the dilapidated home of her outrageous if begrudgingly supportive father — J.R. begins to gamely, if not always gracefully, pursue his romantic and professional dreams, with one foot persistently placed in Uncle Charlie’s bar.
Title: The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: One year after their incredible adventures in the Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, Peter, Edmund, Lucy and Susan Pevensie return to Narnia to aid a young prince whose life has been threatened by the evil King Miraz. Now, with the help of a colorful cast of new characters, including Trufflehunter the badger and Nikabrik the dwarf, the Pevensie clan embarks on an incredible quest to ensure that Narnia is returned to its rightful heir.
Title: Parallel Mothers | Genres: drama | Overview: Two unmarried women who have become pregnant by accident and are about to give birth meet in a hospital room: Janis, middle-aged, unrepentant and happy; Ana, a teenager, remorseful and frightened.
Title: The Grey | Genres: drama, thriller, action, adventure | Overview: Following a grueling five-week shift at an Alaskan oil refinery, workers led by sharpshooter John Ottway, are flying home for a much-needed vacation. But a brutal storm causes their plane to crash in the frozen wilderness, and only eight men, including Ottway, survive. As they trek southward toward civilization and safety, Ottway and his companions must battle mortal injuries, the icy elements, and a pack of hungry wolves.
Title: Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted | Genres: animation, family, comedy, adventure | Overview: Animal pals Alex, Marty, Melman, and Gloria are still trying to make it back to New York's Central Park Zoo. They are forced to take a detour to Europe to find the penguins and chimps who broke the bank at a Monte Carlo casino. When French animal-control officer Capitaine Chantel DuBois picks up their scent, Alex and company are forced to hide out in a traveling circus.
Title: Rambo: Last Blood | Genres: action, thriller, drama | Overview: After fighting his demons for decades, John Rambo now lives in peace on his family ranch in Arizona, but his rest is interrupted when Gabriela, the granddaughter of his housekeeper María, disappears after crossing the border into Mexico to meet her biological father. Rambo, who has become a true father figure for Gabriela over the years, undertakes a desperate and dangerous journey to find her.
Title: The Mummy | Genres: adventure, action, fantasy | Overview: Dashing legionnaire Rick O'Connell stumbles upon the hidden ruins of Hamunaptra while in the midst of a battle to claim the area in 1920s Egypt. It has been over three thousand years since former High Priest Imhotep suffered a fate worse than death as a punishment for a forbidden love—along with a curse that guarantees eternal doom upon the world if he is ever awoken.
Title: Scoob! | Genres: animation, family, comedy, adventure | Overview: In Scooby-Doo’s greatest adventure yet, see the never-before told story of how lifelong friends Scooby and Shaggy first met and how they joined forces with young detectives Fred, Velma, and Daphne to form the famous Mystery Inc. Now, with hundreds of cases solved, Scooby and the gang face their biggest, toughest mystery ever: an evil plot to unleash the ghost dog Cerberus upon the world. As they race to stop this global “dogpocalypse,” the gang discovers that Scooby has a secret legacy and an epic destiny greater than anyone ever imagined.
Title: The Incredible Hulk | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: Scientist Bruce Banner scours the planet for an antidote to the unbridled force of rage within him: the Hulk. But when the military masterminds who dream of exploiting his powers force him back to civilization, he finds himself coming face to face with a new, deadly foe.
Title: Lucy | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: A woman, accidentally caught in a dark deal, turns the tables on her captors and transforms into a merciless warrior evolved beyond human logic.
Title: The Lost Daughter | Genres: drama | Overview: A woman's seaside vacation takes a dark turn when her obsession with a young mother forces her to confront secrets from her past.
Title: Annabelle: Creation | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: Several years after the tragic death of their little girl, a doll maker and his wife welcome a nun and several girls from a shuttered orphanage into their home, soon becoming the target of the doll maker's possessed creation—Annabelle.
Title: War for the Planet of the Apes | Genres: drama, science fiction, war | Overview: Caesar and his apes are forced into a deadly conflict with an army of humans led by a ruthless Colonel. After the apes suffer unimaginable losses, Caesar wrestles with his darker instincts and begins his own mythic quest to avenge his kind. As the journey finally brings them face to face, Caesar and the Colonel are pitted against each other in an epic battle that will determine the fate of both their species and the future of the planet.
"Title: Ferdinand | Genres: animation, family, adventure, comedy | Overview: Ferdinand, a little bull, prefers sitting quietly under a cork tree just smelling the flowers versus jumping around, snorting, and butting heads with other bulls. As Ferdinand grows big and strong, his temperament remains mellow, but one day five men come to choose the ""biggest, fastest, roughest bull"" for the bullfights in Madrid and Ferdinand is mistakenly chosen. Based on the classic 1936 children's book by Munro Leaf."
Title: The Hitman's Bodyguard | Genres: thriller, comedy, crime, action | Overview: The world’s top bodyguard gets a new client, a hitman who must testify at the International Court of Justice. They must put their differences aside and work together to make it to the trial on time.
Title: Wrong Turn 5: Bloodlines | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A small West Virginia town is hosting the legendary Mountain Man Festival on Halloween, where throngs of costumed party goers gather for a wild night of music and mischief. But an inbred family of hillbilly cannibals kill the fun when they trick and treat themselves to a group of visiting college students.
Title: Knight and Day | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: A fugitive couple goes on a glamorous and sometimes deadly adventure where nothing and no one – even themselves – are what they seem. Amid shifting alliances and unexpected betrayals, they race across the globe, with their survival ultimately hinging on the battle of truth vs. trust.
Title: Cheese in the Trap | Genres: romance, drama, thriller | Overview: Movie is based on the popular webcomic “Cheese in the Trap” by Soonkki which was previously adapted in the 2016 television drama series “Cheese in the Trap.”
Title: The Matrix Revolutions | Genres: adventure, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: The human city of Zion defends itself against the massive invasion of the machines as Neo fights to end the war at another front while also opposing the rogue Agent Smith.
Title: Stan Helsing | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: It's Halloween night and video store clerk Stan Helsing just got stuck with a last minute request to deliver some videos. With his best friend, his best friend's date, and a smoking hot ex-girlfriend waiting to go to a party, Stan convinces them to take a side trip to Stormy Night Estates for the drop. But the group gets locked inside and Stan discovers he's actually Stan Van Helsing, descendan
Title: White Snake | Genres: romance, animation, fantasy | Overview: One day a young woman named Blanca is saved by Xuan, a snake catcher from a nearby village. She has lost her memory, and together they go on a journey to discover her real identity, developing deeper feelings for one another along the way. But as they learn more about her past, they uncover a darker plot of supernatural forces vying for power, with the fate of the world hanging in the balance.
Title: Hercules | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: Fourteen hundred years ago, a tormented soul walked the earth that was neither man nor god. Hercules was the powerful son of the god king Zeus, for this he received nothing but suffering his entire life. After twelve arduous labors and the loss of his family, this dark, world-weary soul turned his back on the gods finding his only solace in bloody battle. Over the years he warmed to the company of six similar souls, their only bond being their love of fighting and presence of death. These men and woman never question where they go to fight or why or whom, just how much they will be paid. Now the King of Thrace has hired these mercenaries to train his men to become the greatest army of all time. It is time for this bunch of lost souls to finally have their eyes opened to how far they have fallen when they must train an army to become as ruthless and blood thirsty as their reputation has become.
Title: Skipping Stones | Genres: drama | Overview: Nearly a decade after a tragic accident costs a young man his life, his sister, Amanda (Gabrielle Kalomiris) and best friend, David (Nathaniel Ansbach) are still peeling back the layers of grief and guilt that come with being left behind.
Title: Wrong Turn 4: Bloody Beginnings | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A group of friends take refuge in a deserted sanatorium after they are left stranded in a snowstorm. Later, the place becomes a death trap when man-eating cannibals surround them.
Title: The Purge | Genres: science fiction, horror, thriller | Overview: Given the country's overcrowded prisons, the U.S. government begins to allow 12-hour periods of time in which all illegal activity is legal. During one of these free-for-alls, a family must protect themselves from a home invasion.
Title: Ghostbusters | Genres: action, fantasy, comedy | Overview: Following a ghost invasion of Manhattan, paranormal enthusiasts Erin Gilbert and Abby Yates, nuclear engineer Jillian Holtzmann, and subway worker Patty Tolan band together to stop the otherworldly threat.
Title: Trinity Seven 2: Heaven's Library & Crimson Lord | Genres: animation, action, fantasy, comedy | Overview: The series focuses on the adventures of Arata Kasuga, a high school student, who is targeted by Lilith, a teacher at a mystical school. Given three choices in an effort to help save the breakdown phenomenon of the world by evil forces and while attempting to solve the mystery of his beloved cousin and childhood friend, Hijiri, who disappeared to a difference space.
Title: Scream 4 | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: Sidney Prescott, now the author of a self-help book, returns home to Woodsboro on the last stop of her book tour. There she reconnects with Sheriff Dewey and Gale, who are now married, as well as her cousin Jill and her Aunt Kate. Unfortunately, Sidney's appearance also brings about the return of Ghostface, putting Sidney, Gale, and Dewey, along with Jill, her friends, and the whole town of Woodsboro in danger.
Title: Viking Quest | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, tv movie | Overview: Erick, a young Viking warrior, joins forces with a rival clan in order to rescue a kidnapped princess from the great Midgard Serpent. It's a perilous task with a risk far greater than merely their own lives; by rescuing the princess, they might cause Ragnarök - the end of the world.
Title: Jonah Hex | Genres: action, western, drama, fantasy, thriller | Overview: Gunslinger Jonah Hex is appointed by President Ulysses Grant to track down terrorist Quentin Turnbull, a former Confederate officer determined on unleashing hell on earth. Jonah not only secures freedom by accepting this task, he also gets revenge on the man who slayed his wife and child.
Title: Robin Robin | Genres: animation, adventure, family, music | Overview: A bird raised by mice begins to question where she belongs and sets off on a daring journey of self-discovery.
Title: Nobody Sleeps in the Woods Tonight | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Addicted to technology, a group of teens attends a rehabilitation camp in the forest, but a sinister force there intends to take them offline forever.
Title: Drive | Genres: drama, thriller, crime | Overview: Driver is a skilled Hollywood stuntman who moonlights as a getaway driver for criminals. Though he projects an icy exterior, lately he's been warming up to a pretty neighbor named Irene and her young son, Benicio. When Irene's husband gets out of jail, he enlists Driver's help in a million-dollar heist. The job goes horribly wrong, and Driver must risk his life to protect Irene and Benicio from the vengeful masterminds behind the robbery.
Title: Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse (Part One) | Genres: animation, action, science fiction, comedy, adventure | Overview: Miles Morales returns for the next chapter of the Spider-Verse saga, an epic adventure that will transport Brooklyn’s full-time, friendly neighborhood Spider-Man across the Multiverse to join forces with Gwen Stacy and a new team of Spider-People to face off with a villain more powerful than anything they have ever encountered.
Title: Blade Runner 2049 | Genres: science fiction, drama | Overview: Thirty years after the events of the first film, a new blade runner, LAPD Officer K, unearths a long-buried secret that has the potential to plunge what's left of society into chaos. K's discovery leads him on a quest to find Rick Deckard, a former LAPD blade runner who has been missing for 30 years.
"Title: Superman: Doomsday | Genres: action, animation, science fiction, family | Overview: When LexCorp accidentally unleashes a murderous creature, Superman meets his greatest challenge as a champion. Based on the ""The Death of Superman"" storyline that appeared in DC Comics' publications in the 1990s."
Title: District 9 | Genres: science fiction | Overview: Thirty years ago, aliens arrive on Earth. Not to conquer or give aid, but to find refuge from their dying planet. Separated from humans in a South African area called District 9, the aliens are managed by Multi-National United, which is unconcerned with the aliens' welfare but will do anything to master their advanced technology. When a company field agent contracts a mysterious virus that begins to alter his DNA, there is only one place he can hide: District 9.
Title: The Angry Birds Movie 2 | Genres: animation, comedy, adventure, family | Overview: Red, Chuck, Bomb and the rest of their feathered friends are surprised when a green pig suggests that they put aside their differences and unite to fight a common threat. Aggressive birds from an island covered in ice are planning to use an elaborate weapon to destroy the fowl and swine.
Title: A Nun's Curse | Genres: horror | Overview: A group of travelers are forced to seek shelter inside an abandoned jail where a notorious nun named Sister Monday had once been assigned and was suspected of murdering prisoners.
Title: White House Down | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: Capitol Policeman John Cale has just been denied his dream job with the Secret Service of protecting President James Sawyer. Not wanting to let down his little girl with the news, he takes her on a tour of the White House, when the complex is overtaken by a heavily armed paramilitary group. Now, with the nation's government falling into chaos and time running out, it's up to Cale to save the president, his daughter, and the country.
Title: Star Trek | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: The fate of the galaxy rests in the hands of bitter rivals. One, James Kirk, is a delinquent, thrill-seeking Iowa farm boy. The other, Spock, a Vulcan, was raised in a logic-based society that rejects all emotion. As fiery instinct clashes with calm reason, their unlikely but powerful partnership is the only thing capable of leading their crew through unimaginable danger, boldly going where no one has gone before. The human adventure has begun again.
Title: Taken | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: While vacationing with a friend in Paris, an American girl is kidnapped by a gang of human traffickers intent on selling her into forced prostitution. Working against the clock, her ex-spy father must pull out all the stops to save her. But with his best years possibly behind him, the job may be more than he can handle.
Title: Upside-Down Magic | Genres: fantasy, family, tv movie | Overview: Nory and her best friend Reina enter the Sage Academy for Magical Studies, where Nory’s unconventional powers land her in a class for those with wonky, or “upside-down,” magic. Undaunted, Nory sets out to prove that that upside-down magic can be just as powerful as right-side-up.
Title: Onward | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: In a suburban fantasy world, two teenage elf brothers embark on an extraordinary quest to discover if there is still a little magic left out there.
Title: The Predator | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure, comedy | Overview: When a young child accidentally triggers extraterrestrial hunters to return to Earth, a ragtag crew of ex-soldiers and scientists join forces to prevent the end of the human race.
Title: Miracles from Heaven | Genres: drama | Overview: When Christy discovers her 10-year-old daughter Anna has a rare, incurable disease, she becomes a ferocious advocate for her daughter’s healing as she searches for a solution. After Anna has a freak accident and falls three stories, a miracle unfolds in the wake of her dramatic rescue that leaves medical specialists mystified, her family restored and their community inspired.
Title: A Haunted House 2 | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: After exorcising the demons of his ex-, Malcolm starts afresh with his new girlfriend and her two children. After moving into their dream home, Malcolm is once again plagued by bizarre paranormal events.
Title: The Martian | Genres: drama, adventure, science fiction | Overview: During a manned mission to Mars, Astronaut Mark Watney is presumed dead after a fierce storm and left behind by his crew. But Watney has survived and finds himself stranded and alone on the hostile planet. With only meager supplies, he must draw upon his ingenuity, wit and spirit to subsist and find a way to signal to Earth that he is alive.
Title: Despicable Me 3 | Genres: action, animation, comedy, family, adventure | Overview: Gru and his wife Lucy must stop former '80s child star Balthazar Bratt from achieving world domination.
Title: Chicuarotes | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Cagalera and Moloteco are two teenagers from San Gregorio Atlapulco who are desperate to get out and move up and away from oppressive circumstances. When they hear of an opportunity to buy a spot in the electrician’s union, which could transform their lives, they quickly devolve into the criminal, adult underworld of Mexico City in a bid to buy their freedom.
Title: I'm Not Ashamed | Genres: drama | Overview: Based on the inspiring and powerful true story and journal entries of Rachel Joy Scott- the first student killed in the Columbine High School shooting in 1999.
Title: Django Unchained | Genres: drama, western | Overview: With the help of a German bounty hunter, a freed slave sets out to rescue his wife from a brutal Mississippi plantation owner.
Title: The Ice Road | Genres: action, adventure, drama, thriller | Overview: After a remote diamond mine collapses in far northern Canada, an ice road driver must lead an impossible rescue mission over a frozen ocean to save the trapped miners.
Title: Season of the Witch | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: A 14th century Crusader returns with his comrade to a homeland devastated by the Black Plague. The Church commands the two knights to transport a witch to a remote abbey, where monks will perform a ritual in hopes of ending the pestilence.
"Title: Olympus Has Fallen | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: When the White House (Secret Service Code: ""Olympus"") is captured by a terrorist mastermind and the President is kidnapped, disgraced former Presidential guard Mike Banning finds himself trapped within the building. As the national security team scrambles to respond, they are forced to rely on Banning's inside knowledge to help retake the White House, save the President and avert an even bigger disaster."
Title: Total Recall | Genres: action, science fiction, adventure, thriller | Overview: Welcome to Rekall, the company that can turn your dreams into real memories. For a factory worker named Douglas Quaid, even though he's got a beautiful wife who he loves, the mind-trip sounds like the perfect vacation from his frustrating life - real memories of life as a super-spy might be just what he needs. But when the procedure goes horribly wrong, Quaid becomes a hunted man. Finding himself on the run from the police - controlled by Chancellor Cohaagen, the leader of the free world - Quaid teams up with a rebel fighter to find the head of the underground resistance and stop Cohaagen. The line between fantasy and reality gets blurred and the fate of his world hangs in the balance as Quaid discovers his true identity, his true love, and his true fate.
Title: Barbie as The Princess & the Pauper | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: In her first animated musical featuring seven original songs, Barbie comes to life in this modern re-telling of a classic tale of mistaken identity and the power of friendship. Based on the story by Mark Twain,
Title: Breach | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: A hardened mechanic must stay awake and maintain an interstellar ark fleeing the dying planet Earth with a few thousand lucky souls on board... the last of humanity. Unfortunately, humans are not the only passengers. A shapeshifting alien creature has taken residence, its only goal is to kill as many people as possible. The crew must think quickly to stop this menace before it destroys mankind.
Title: Super 8 | Genres: thriller, science fiction, mystery | Overview: In 1979 Ohio, several youngsters are making a zombie movie with a Super-8 camera. In the midst of filming, the friends witness a horrifying train derailment and are lucky to escape with their lives. They soon discover that the catastrophe was no accident, as a series of unexplained events and disappearances soon follows. Deputy Jackson Lamb, the father of one of the kids, searches for the terrifying truth behind the crash.
Title: Thunder Force | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, science fiction | Overview: In a world where supervillains are commonplace, two estranged childhood best friends reunite after one devises a treatment that gives them powers to protect their city.
Title: God's Not Dead: A Light in Darkness | Genres: drama | Overview: Pastor Dave responds to the unimaginable tragedy of having his church, located on the grounds of the local university, burned down.
Title: Single All the Way | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: Desperate to avoid his family’s judgment about his perpetual single status, Peter convinces his best friend Nick to join him for the holidays and pretend that they’re now in a relationship. But when Peter’s mother sets him up on a blind date with her handsome trainer James, the plan goes awry.
Title: An Interview with God | Genres: drama, mystery | Overview: An up-and-coming journalist finds his world and faith increasingly challenged when he's granted the interview of a lifetime – with someone who claims to be God.
Title: Fear of Rain | Genres: thriller, horror, drama | Overview: A teenage girl living with schizophrenia begins to suspect her neighbor has kidnapped a child. Her parents try desperately to help her live a normal life, without exposing their own tragic secrets, and the only person who believes her is Caleb – a boy she isn’t even sure exists.
Title: Child's Play | Genres: horror | Overview: A single mother gives her son a beloved doll for his birthday, only to discover that it is possessed by the soul of a serial killer.
Title: Rampage | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Primatologist Davis Okoye shares an unshakable bond with George, the extraordinarily intelligent, silverback gorilla who has been in his care since birth. But a rogue genetic experiment gone awry mutates this gentle ape into a raging creature of enormous size. To make matters worse, it’s soon discovered there are other similarly altered animals. As these newly created alpha predators tear across North America, destroying everything in their path, Okoye teams with a discredited genetic engineer to secure an antidote, fighting his way through an ever-changing battlefield, not only to halt a global catastrophe but to save the fearsome creature that was once his friend.
"Title: Barbie & Chelsea: The Lost Birthday | Genres: animation | Overview: Enjoy high-sea thrills as Barbie, Chelsea and the rest of the Roberts family set sail on an adventure cruise. ""Barbie & Chelsea The Lost Birthday"" tells the story of Chelsea, Barbie’s precocious youngest sister, and the rest of the Roberts family as they set sail on an adventure cruise for her seventh birthday. When they cross the International Date Line, Chelsea discovers her actual birthday has been lost and she embarks on a fantastical journey through an enchanted jungle island in order to save it."
Title: The Matrix Reloaded | Genres: adventure, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Six months after the events depicted in The Matrix, Neo has proved to be a good omen for the free humans, as more and more humans are being freed from the matrix and brought to Zion, the one and only stronghold of the Resistance. Neo himself has discovered his superpowers including super speed, ability to see the codes of the things inside the matrix and a certain degree of pre-cognition. But a nasty piece of news hits the human resistance: 250,000 machine sentinels are digging to Zion and would reach them in 72 hours. As Zion prepares for the ultimate war, Neo, Morpheus and Trinity are advised by the Oracle to find the Keymaker who would help them reach the Source. Meanwhile Neo's recurrent dreams depicting Trinity's death have got him worried and as if it was not enough, Agent Smith has somehow escaped deletion, has become more powerful than before and has fixed Neo as his next target.
Title: Fear Street: 1666 | Genres: mystery, horror | Overview: In 1666, a colonial town is gripped by a hysterical witch-hunt that has deadly consequences for centuries to come, and it's up to teenagers in 1994 to finally put an end to their town's curse, before it's too late.
Title: The Mummy Returns | Genres: adventure, action, fantasy | Overview: Rick and Evelyn O’Connell, along with their 8-year-old son Alex, discover the key to the legendary Scorpion King’s might: the fabled Bracelet of Anubis. Unfortunately, a newly resurrected Imhotep has designs on the bracelet as well, and isn’t above kidnapping its new bearer, Alex, to gain control of Anubis’s otherworldly army.
Title: Happy Halloween, Scooby-Doo! | Genres: family, animation, mystery, comedy | Overview: Scooby-Doo and the gang team up with their pals, Bill Nye The Science Guy and Elvira Mistress of the Dark, to solve this mystery of gigantic proportions and save Crystal Cove!
Title: Safer at Home | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: Two years into the pandemic, a group of friends throw an online party with a night of games, drinking and drugs. After taking an ecstasy pill, things go terribly wrong and the safety of their home becomes more terrifying than the raging chaos outside.
Title: Dragon Ball Z: Bardock - The Father of Goku | Genres: animation, action, science fiction, drama, fantasy | Overview: Bardock, Son Goku's father, is a low-ranking Saiyan soldier who was given the power to see into the future by the last remaining alien on a planet he just destroyed. He witnesses the destruction of his race and must now do his best to stop Frieza's impending massacre.
Title: Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa | Genres: family, adventure, animation, comedy | Overview: Alex, Marty, and other zoo animals find a way to escape from Madagascar when the penguins reassemble a wrecked airplane. The precariously repaired craft stays airborne just long enough to make it to the African continent. There the New Yorkers encounter members of their own species for the first time. Africa proves to be a wild place, but Alex and company wonder if it is better than their Central Park home.
Title: Happy Feet | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Into the world of the Emperor Penguins, who find their soul mates through song, a penguin is born who cannot sing. But he can tap dance something fierce!
Title: Resort to Love | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Aspiring pop star Erica ends up as the entertainment at her ex-fiancé’s wedding after reluctantly taking a gig at a luxurious island resort while in the wake of a music career meltdown.
Title: Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb | Genres: adventure, comedy, fantasy, family | Overview: When the magic powers of The Tablet of Ahkmenrah begin to die out, Larry Daley spans the globe, uniting favorite and new characters while embarking on an epic quest to save the magic before it is gone forever.
Title: Swan Song | Genres: drama, science fiction | Overview: In the near future, Cameron Turner is diagnosed with a terminal illness. Presented with an experimental solution to shield his wife and son from grief, he grapples with altering their fate.
Title: Odd Thomas | Genres: mystery, thriller | Overview: In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces.
Title: I Love You, Beth Cooper | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A valedictorian's declaration of love for a high-school cheerleader launches a night of revelry, reflection and romance for a group of graduating seniors.
Title: Fat Ass Zombies | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: In a sleepy town, one man, a wannabe horror film director is about to have his life and the world he knows change forever. Finally, he gets the big break he has been waiting a lifetime for, but its not Hollywood knocking on his door.
Title: Joseph: King of Dreams | Genres: family, animation | Overview: In this animated retelling of the story from the Bible's Book of Genesis, Joseph's gift of dream interpretation and his brilliantly colored coat inspires jealousy in his brothers.
Title: Glass | Genres: thriller, drama, science fiction | Overview: In a series of escalating encounters, former security guard David Dunn uses his supernatural abilities to track Kevin Wendell Crumb, a disturbed man who has twenty-four personalities. Meanwhile, the shadowy presence of Elijah Price emerges as an orchestrator who holds secrets critical to both men.
Title: Superbad | Genres: comedy | Overview: Two co-dependent high school seniors are forced to deal with separation anxiety after their plan to stage a booze-soaked party goes awry.
Title: Constantine | Genres: fantasy, action, horror | Overview: John Constantine has literally been to Hell and back. When he teams up with a policewoman to solve the mysterious suicide of her twin sister, their investigation takes them through the world of demons and angels that exists beneath the landscape of contemporary Los Angeles.
Title: Cinderella II: Dreams Come True | Genres: family, animation, romance, fantasy | Overview: As a newly crowned princess, Cinderella quickly learns that life at the Palace - and her royal responsibilities - are more challenging than she had imagined. In three heartwarming tales, Cinderella calls on her animal friends and her Fairy Godmother to help as she brings her own grace and charm to her regal role and discovers that being true to yourself is the best way to make your dreams come true.
Title: Lolita | Genres: drama | Overview: Urbane professor Humbert Humbert marries a New England widow to be near her nymphet daughter.
Title: 12 Rounds | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: When New Orleans Police Detective Danny Fisher stops a brilliant thief from getting away with a multimillion-dollar heist, the thief's girlfriend is accidentally killed. After escaping from prison, the criminal mastermind enacts his revenge, taunting Danny with 12 rounds of near-impossible puzzles and tasks that he must somehow complete to save the life of the woman he loves.
Title: Ghost Rider | Genres: thriller, action, fantasy | Overview: In order to save his dying father, young stunt cyclist Johnny Blaze sells his soul to Mephistopheles and sadly parts from the pure-hearted Roxanne Simpson, the love of his life. Years later, Johnny's path crosses again with Roxanne, now a go-getting reporter, and also with Mephistopheles, who offers to release Johnny's soul if Johnny becomes the fabled, fiery 'Ghost Rider'.
Title: Paul | Genres: adventure, comedy, science fiction | Overview: For the past 60 years, a space-traveling smart-ass named Paul has been locked up in a top-secret military base, advising world leaders about his kind. But when he worries he’s outlived his usefulness and the dissection table is drawing uncomfortably close, Paul escapes on the first RV that passes by his compound in Area 51. Fortunately, it contains the two earthlings who are most likely to rescue and harbor an alien on the run.
Title: The Equalizer 2 | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: Robert McCall, who serves an unflinching justice for the exploited and oppressed, embarks on a relentless, globe-trotting quest for vengeance when a long-time girl friend is murdered.
Title: The Nightmare Before Christmas | Genres: fantasy, animation, family | Overview: Tired of scaring humans every October 31 with the same old bag of tricks, Jack Skellington, the spindly king of Halloween Town, kidnaps Santa Claus and plans to deliver shrunken heads and other ghoulish gifts to children on Christmas morning. But as Christmas approaches, Jack's rag-doll girlfriend, Sally, tries to foil his misguided plans.
Title: How to Train Your Dragon: Homecoming | Genres: animation, fantasy, adventure, action, family | Overview: It's been ten years since the dragons moved to the Hidden World, and even though Toothless doesn't live in New Berk anymore, Hiccup continues the holiday traditions he once shared with his best friend. But the Vikings of New Berk were beginning to forget about their friendship with dragons. Hiccup, Astrid, and Gobber know just what to do to keep the dragons in the villagers' hearts. And across the sea, the dragons have a plan of their own...
Title: Women | Genres: thriller | Overview: A small town detective while investigating the disappearance of a local woman comes across an unassuming Sociology professor who is hiding a secret life.
Title: The Warrior's Way | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action, western, thriller | Overview: A warrior-assassin is forced to hide in a small town in the American Badlands after refusing a mission.
Title: Shadow in the Cloud | Genres: horror, action, war | Overview: A WWII pilot traveling with top secret documents on a B-17 Flying Fortress encounters an evil presence on board the flight.
Title: Pain & Gain | Genres: crime, action, comedy | Overview: Daniel Lugo, manager of the Sun Gym in 1990s Miami, decides that there is only one way to achieve his version of the American dream: extortion. To achieve his goal, he recruits musclemen Paul and Adrian as accomplices. After several failed attempts, they abduct rich businessman Victor Kershaw and convince him to sign over all his assets to them. But when Kershaw makes it out alive, authorities are reluctant to believe his story.
Title: The Lion King 1½ | Genres: family, animation, comedy | Overview: Timon the meerkat and Pumbaa the warthog are best pals and the unsung heroes of the African savanna. This prequel to the smash Disney animated adventure takes you back -- way back -- before Simba's adventure began. You'll find out all about Timon and Pumbaa and tag along as they search for the perfect home and attempt to raise a rambunctious lion cub.
Title: Scooby-Doo! The Sword and the Scoob | Genres: animation, comedy, family, mystery, adventure, fantasy | Overview: An evil sorceress transports the gang back to the age of chivalrous knights, spell-casting wizards, and fire-breathing dragons.
Title: The Expendables 2 | Genres: action, adventure, thriller | Overview: Mr. Church reunites the Expendables for what should be an easy paycheck, but when one of their men is murdered on the job, their quest for revenge puts them deep in enemy territory and up against an unexpected threat.
"Title: Uncharted | Genres: horror | Overview: ""Uncharted"" is a story of a documentary film crew who crash on an island, when they were in hopes of finding a rare animal, a jaguar, that is believed to inhabit the jungle. Unfortunate circumstances arise when her charter plane goes down and crashes on a remote island."
Title: Wrong Turn | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Chris crashes into a carload of other young people, and the group of stranded motorists is soon lost in the woods of West Virginia, where they're hunted by three cannibalistic mountain men who are grossly disfigured by generations of inbreeding.
"Title: Héctor El Father: Conocerás la verdad | Genres: drama, documentary | Overview: This autobiography of Hector Delgado runs from his childhood to become one of the greatest exponents of the urban genre, but the results of that life did not please him and led him to try to take his life .After being victim of a firefight at a service station in Aguada, a city hall in Puerto Rico, he stopped earning at least two hundred American dollars for presentation and being ""devout of Jesus"""
Title: A Quiet Place | Genres: horror, drama, science fiction | Overview: A family is forced to live in silence while hiding from creatures that hunt by sound.
Title: Photocopier | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: When photos of her at a party cause her to lose a scholarship, a student investigates whether something devastating happened to her that night.
"Title: Tom and Jerry: The Fast and the Furry | Genres: family, animation, comedy, action, adventure | Overview: After being evicted from their old house by Tom's owner for causing major damage, cat and mouse Tom and Jerry enter a race entitled the ""Fabulous Super Race"" to win a mansion."
"Title: Deep Blue Sea 3 | Genres: action, horror, science fiction | Overview: Dr. Emma Collins and her team are spending their third summer on the island of Little Happy studying the effect of climate change on the great white sharks who come to the nearby nursery every year to give birth. Along with the last two inhabitants of this former fishing village, their peaceful life is disrupted when a ""scientific"" team led by her ex-boyfriend and marine biologist Richard show up looking for three bull sharks who we soon learn aren't just any bull sharks."
"Title: Bound by Honor | Genres: crime, action, drama, thriller | Overview: Based on the true life experiences of poet Jimmy Santiago Baca, the film focuses on half-brothers Paco and Cruz, and their bi-racial cousin Miklo. It opens in 1972, as the three are members of an East L.A. gang known as the ""Vatos Locos"", and the story focuses on how a violent crime and the influence of narcotics alter their lives. Miklo is incarcerated and sent to San Quentin, where he makes a ""home"" for himself. Cruz becomes an exceptional artist, but a heroin addiction overcomes him with tragic results. Paco becomes a cop and an enemy to his ""carnal"", Miklo."
"Title: The Hunger Games: Catching Fire | Genres: adventure, action, science fiction | Overview: Katniss Everdeen has returned home safe after winning the 74th Annual Hunger Games along with fellow tribute Peeta Mellark. Winning means that they must turn around and leave their family and close friends, embarking on a ""Victor's Tour"" of the districts. Along the way Katniss senses that a rebellion is simmering, but the Capitol is still very much in control as President Snow prepares the 75th Annual Hunger Games (The Quarter Quell) - a competition that could change Panem forever."
Title: Rambo | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: When governments fail to act on behalf of captive missionaries, ex-Green Beret John James Rambo sets aside his peaceful existence along the Salween River in a war-torn region of Thailand to take action. Although he's still haunted by violent memories of his time as a U.S. soldier during the Vietnam War, Rambo can hardly turn his back on the aid workers who so desperately need his help.
Title: Apocalypto | Genres: action, drama, thriller, history | Overview: Set in the Mayan civilization, when a man's idyllic presence is brutally disrupted by a violent invading force, he is taken on a perilous journey to a world ruled by fear and oppression where a harrowing end awaits him. Through a twist of fate and spurred by the power of his love for his woman and his family he will make a desperate break to return home and to ultimately save his way of life.
Title: Alice in Wonderland | Genres: family, fantasy, adventure | Overview: Alice, now 19 years old, returns to the whimsical world she first entered as a child and embarks on a journey to discover her true destiny.
Title: Project Gemini | Genres: science fiction | Overview: After depleting Earth's resources for centuries, humankind's survival requires an exodus to outer space. An international expedition is quickly formed to find a suitable new planet, but when plans go awry, the crew is suddenly stranded without power on a strange planet, where something unimaginable lies in wait.
Title: Red Dot | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: On a hiking trip to rekindle their marriage, a couple find themselves fleeing for their lives in the unforgiving wilderness from an unknown shooter.
Title: Bohemian Rhapsody | Genres: music, drama, history | Overview: Singer Freddie Mercury, guitarist Brian May, drummer Roger Taylor and bass guitarist John Deacon take the music world by storm when they form the rock 'n' roll band Queen in 1970. Hit songs become instant classics. When Mercury's increasingly wild lifestyle starts to spiral out of control, Queen soon faces its greatest challenge yet – finding a way to keep the band together amid the success and excess.
Title: Ford v Ferrari | Genres: drama, action, history | Overview: American car designer Carroll Shelby and the British-born driver Ken Miles work together to battle corporate interference, the laws of physics, and their own personal demons to build a revolutionary race car for Ford Motor Company and take on the dominating race cars of Enzo Ferrari at the 24 Hours of Le Mans in France in 1966.
Title: Sword Art Online: The Movie – Ordinal Scale | Genres: animation, action, adventure, fantasy, romance, science fiction | Overview: In 2026, four years after the infamous Sword Art Online incident, a revolutionary new form of technology has emerged: the Augma, a device that utilizes an Augmented Reality system. Unlike the Virtual Reality of the NerveGear and the Amusphere, it is perfectly safe and allows players to use it while they are conscious, creating an instant hit on the market. The most popular application for the Augma is the game Ordinal Scale, which immerses players in a fantasy role-playing game with player rankings and rewards. Following the new craze, Kirito's friends dive into the game, and despite his reservations about the system, Kirito eventually joins them. While at first it appears to be just fun and games, they soon find out that the game is not all that it seems...
Title: Desire | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In a social context deteriorated by a countrywide economic crisis, the life of several people will be turned upside down after they meet Cécile, a character who symbolizes desire.
Title: Rio 2 | Genres: family, adventure, comedy, animation | Overview: It's a jungle out there for Blu, Jewel and their three kids after they're hurtled from Rio de Janeiro to the wilds of the Amazon. As Blu tries to fit in, he goes beak-to-beak with the vengeful Nigel, and meets the most fearsome adversary of all: his father-in-law.
Title: Rambo: First Blood Part II | Genres: action, adventure, thriller, war | Overview: John Rambo is released from prison by the government for a top-secret covert mission to the last place on Earth he'd want to return - the jungles of Vietnam.
Title: Home Alone 2: Lost in New York | Genres: comedy, family, adventure | Overview: Instead of flying to Florida with his folks, Kevin ends up alone in New York, where he gets a hotel room with his dad's credit card—despite problems from a clerk and meddling bellboy. But when Kevin runs into his old nemeses, the Wet Bandits, he's determined to foil their plans to rob a toy store on Christmas eve.
Title: Kung Fu Panda 2 | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Po is now living his dream as The Dragon Warrior, protecting the Valley of Peace alongside his friends and fellow kung fu masters, The Furious Five - Tigress, Crane, Mantis, Viper and Monkey. But Po’s new life of awesomeness is threatened by the emergence of a formidable villain, who plans to use a secret, unstoppable weapon to conquer China and destroy kung fu. It is up to Po and The Furious Five to journey across China to face this threat and vanquish it. But how can Po stop a weapon that can stop kung fu? He must look to his past and uncover the secrets of his mysterious origins; only then will he be able to unlock the strength he needs to succeed.
Title: Bad Lieutenant: Port of Call - New Orleans | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Terrence McDonagh is a New Orleans Police sergeant, who recieves a medal and a promotion to lieutenant for heroism during Hurricane Katrina. Due to his heroic act, McDonagh injures his back and becomes addicted to prescription pain medication. He then finds himself involved with a drug dealer who is suspected of murdering a family of African immigrants.
Title: The Godfather: Part II | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: In the continuing saga of the Corleone crime family, a young Vito Corleone grows up in Sicily and in 1910s New York. In the 1950s, Michael Corleone attempts to expand the family business into Las Vegas, Hollywood and Cuba.
Title: Perfume: The Story of a Murderer | Genres: crime, fantasy, drama | Overview: Jean-Baptiste Grenouille, born in the stench of 18th century Paris, develops a superior olfactory sense, which he uses to create the world's finest perfumes. However, his work takes a dark turn as he tries to preserve scents in the search for the ultimate perfume.
Title: Blood Red Sky | Genres: horror, thriller, action | Overview: A woman with a mysterious illness is forced into action when a group of terrorists attempt to hijack a transatlantic overnight flight. In order to protect her son she will have to reveal a dark secret, and unleash the inner monster she has fought to hide.
Title: Gemini Man | Genres: science fiction, action, thriller | Overview: Henry Brogan is an elite 51-year-old assassin who's ready to call it quits after completing his 72nd job. His plans get turned upside down when he becomes the target of a mysterious operative who can seemingly predict his every move. To his horror, Brogan soon learns that the man who's trying to kill him is a younger, faster, cloned version of himself.
Title: Dead Like Me: Life After Death | Genres: drama, fantasy, comedy | Overview: When George and her colleagues get a new boss whose focus is on moving souls quickly and enjoying life without consequences, the team begins to break the strict reaper rules. While her friends fall victim to their desires for money, success, and fame, George breaks another rule by revealing her true identity to her living family.
Title: Feels Like Euphoria | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Monica and Lisa take their relationship to the next level despite one's patience and sexuality becoming in question.
Title: The Notebook | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: An epic love story centered around an older man who reads aloud to a woman with Alzheimer's. From a faded notebook, the old man's words bring to life the story about a couple who is separated by World War II, and is then passionately reunited, seven years later, after they have taken different paths.
Title: Cinderella III: A Twist in Time | Genres: animation, romance, family, fantasy | Overview: When Lady Tremaine steals the Fairy Godmother's wand and changes history, it's up to Cinderella to restore the timeline and reclaim her prince.
Title: Dragon Blade | Genres: action, drama, adventure | Overview: Huo An, the commander of the Protection Squad of the Western Regions, was framed by evil forces and becomes enslaved. On the other hand, a Roman general escapes to China after rescuing the Prince. The heroic duo meet in the Western Desert and a thrilling story unfolds.
Title: The Voyeurs | Genres: thriller | Overview: A young couple, find themselves becoming interested in the sex life of their neighbors across the street. What starts as an innocent curiosity turns into an unhealthy obsession.
Title: Jupiter Ascending | Genres: science fiction, fantasy, action | Overview: In a universe where human genetic material is the most precious commodity, an impoverished young Earth woman becomes the key to strategic maneuvers and internal strife within a powerful dynasty…
Title: A Journal for Jordan | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Based on the true story of First Sergeant Charles Monroe King, a soldier deployed to Iraq begins to keep a journal of love and advice for his infant son. Back at home, senior New York Times editor Dana Canedy revisits the story of her unlikely, life-altering relationship with King and his enduring devotion to her and their child.
Title: Wild Child | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Sixteen-year-old Poppy has everything her unlimited credit cards can buy, and a spoiled attitude to match. After a final thoughtless prank, her exasperated father ships her off to boarding school in England. There, Poppy meets her match in a stern headmistress and a class full of girls who will not tolerate her selfishness.
Title: Cowboys & Aliens | Genres: action, science fiction, thriller, western | Overview: A stranger stumbles into the desert town of Absolution with no memory of his past and a futuristic shackle around his wrist. With the help of mysterious beauty Ella and the iron-fisted Colonel Dolarhyde, he finds himself leading an unlikely posse of cowboys, outlaws, and Apache warriors against a common enemy from beyond this world in an epic showdown for survival.
Title: Ready or Not | Genres: comedy, horror, thriller | Overview: A bride's wedding night takes a sinister turn when her eccentric new in-laws force her to take part in a terrifying game.
Title: El refugio | Genres: comedy | Overview: An actor in low hours and a young interpreter who threatens to displace the former thanks to the tricks of their agent; the owner of the high mountain hotel and her estranged sister, creator of a new and unique discipline that mixes yoga and fengshui; a group of children wanting to have fun, but also to discover hidden secrets; a taciturn bellboy who sees everything; and a tremendous storm that will leave everyone isolated just before Christmas. A weekend in which everything can happen, and in which everything will happen.
Title: Hitman: Agent 47 | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: An assassin teams up with a woman to help her find her father and uncover the mysteries of her ancestry.
Title: Beverly Hills Chihuahua 3: Viva la Fiesta! | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: When Papi, Chloe, the pups, Uncle Pedro, and their owners move to a hotel, the smallest pup Rosa feels like she doesn't fit in, and Papi wants to make her feel better by showing her how special she is.
Title: Annabelle | Genres: horror | Overview: A couple begins to experience terrifying supernatural occurrences involving a vintage doll shortly after their home is invaded by satanic cultists.
Title: Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows | Genres: adventure, action, crime, mystery | Overview: There is a new criminal mastermind at large (Professor Moriarty) and not only is he Holmes’ intellectual equal, but his capacity for evil and lack of conscience may give him an advantage over the detective.
Title: American Pie 2 | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: After a year apart - attending different schools, meeting different people - the guys rent a beach house and vow to make this the best summer ever. As it turns out, whether that will happen or not has a lot to do with the girls. Between the wild parties, outrageous revelations and yes, a trip to band camp, they discover that times change and people change, but in the end, it's all about sticking together.
Title: Mary Magdalene | Genres: drama, history | Overview: In the first century, free-spirited Mary Magdalene flees the marriage her family has arranged for her, finding refuge and a sense of purpose in a radical new movement led by the charismatic, rabble-rousing preacher named Jesus.
Title: The A-Team | Genres: thriller, action, adventure, comedy, crime | Overview: A group of Iraq War veterans goes on the run from U.S. military forces while they try to clear their names after being framed for a crime they didn't commit. Along the way, Col. Hannibal Smith, Capt. H.M. ‘Howling Mad’ Murdock , Sgt. Bosco ‘B.A.’ Baracus, and Lt. Templeton ‘Faceman’ Peck help out various people they encounter.
Title: The Great Wall | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: European mercenaries searching for black powder become embroiled in the defense of the Great Wall of China against a horde of monstrous creatures.
"Title: Godmothered | Genres: family, fantasy, comedy | Overview: A young and unskilled fairy godmother that ventures out on her own to prove her worth by tracking down a young girl whose request for help was ignored. What she discovers is that the girl has now become a grown woman in need of something very different than a ""prince charming."""
Title: Curious George: Go West, Go Wild | Genres: animation, family, tv movie | Overview: While farm-sitting, George accidentally lets the farm animals escape. Ted, George and wannabe cowboy Emmett must round 'em up, accounting for every animal -- and emerging with some new skills, to boot.
Title: Titane | Genres: drama, thriller, horror | Overview: A woman with a metal plate in her head from a childhood car accident embarks on a bizarre journey, bringing her into contact with a firefighter who's reunited with his missing son after 10 years.
Title: Robin Hood | Genres: adventure | Overview: When soldier Robin happens upon the dying Robert of Loxley, he promises to return the man's sword to his family in Nottingham. There, he assumes Robert's identity; romances his widow, Marion; and draws the ire of the town's sheriff and King John's henchman, Godfrey.
Title: Secret Society of Second Born Royals | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Sam is a teenage royal rebel, second in line to the throne of the kingdom of Illyria. Just as her disinterest in the royal way of life is at an all-time high, she discovers she has super-human abilities and is invited to join a secret society of similar extraordinary second-born royals charged with keeping the world safe.
Title: Brothers by Blood | Genres: crime | Overview: Peter and Michael, raised on the streets of Philadelphia, are the children of Irish mob members, forever linked by the crimes of their fathers. 30 years later, Michael now runs the criminal organization and lusts for more power, his dangerous antics frequently held in check by his cautious cousin Peter. Haunted by the death of his sister, whose passing destroyed both his parents, Peter is caught between the dreams of childhood and the realities of his life as an enforcer. His only reprieve is a local boxing gym, a sanctuary that is quickly threatened as Michael’s desire for control escalates.
Title: Kubo and the Two Strings | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: Kubo mesmerizes the people in his village with his magical gift for spinning wild tales with origami. When he accidentally summons an evil spirit seeking vengeance, Kubo is forced to go on a quest to solve the mystery of his fallen samurai father and his mystical weaponry, as well as discover his own magical powers.
Title: Troy | Genres: adventure, history, war | Overview: In year 1250 B.C. during the late Bronze age, two emerging nations begin to clash. Paris, the Trojan prince, convinces Helen, Queen of Sparta, to leave her husband Menelaus, and sail with him back to Troy. After Menelaus finds out that his wife was taken by the Trojans, he asks his brother Agamemnom to help him get her back. Agamemnon sees this as an opportunity for power. So they set off with 1,000 ships holding 50,000 Greeks to Troy. With the help of Achilles, the Greeks are able to fight the never before defeated Trojans.
Title: The Hunger Games | Genres: science fiction, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Every year in the ruins of what was once North America, the nation of Panem forces each of its twelve districts to send a teenage boy and girl to compete in the Hunger Games. Part twisted entertainment, part government intimidation tactic, the Hunger Games are a nationally televised event in which “Tributes” must fight with one another until one survivor remains. Pitted against highly-trained Tributes who have prepared for these Games their entire lives, Katniss is forced to rely upon her sharp instincts as well as the mentorship of drunken former victor Haymitch Abernathy. If she’s ever to return home to District 12, Katniss must make impossible choices in the arena that weigh survival against humanity and life against love. The world will be watching.
Title: Hachi: A Dog's Tale | Genres: drama, family | Overview: A drama based on the true story of a college professor's bond with the abandoned dog he takes into his home.
Title: American Pie Presents: The Naked Mile | Genres: comedy | Overview: When Erik Stifler realizes that he's the only Stifler family member who might graduate high school a virgin, he decides to live up to his legacy. After some well-meaning advice from Jim's dad, Erik's ready to take his chances at the annual and infamous Naked Mile race, where his devoted friends and some uninhibited sorority girls will create the most outrageous weekend ever.
Title: Annette | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The story of Henry, a stand-up comedian with a fierce sense of humour and Ann, a singer of international renown. In the spotlight, they are the perfect couple, healthy, happy, and glamourous. The birth of their first child, Annette, a mysterious girl with an exceptional destiny, will change their lives.
Title: 22 Jump Street | Genres: crime, comedy, action | Overview: After making their way through high school (twice), big changes are in store for officers Schmidt and Jenko when they go deep undercover at a local college. But when Jenko meets a kindred spirit on the football team, and Schmidt infiltrates the bohemian art major scene, they begin to question their partnership. Now they don't have to just crack the case - they have to figure out if they can have a mature relationship. If these two overgrown adolescents can grow from freshmen into real men, college might be the best thing that ever happened to them.
"Title: Crisis | Genres: thriller, crime, drama | Overview: Three stories about the world of opioids collide: a drug trafficker arranges a multi-cartel Fentanyl smuggling operation between Canada and the U.S., an architect recovering from an OxyContin addiction tracks down the truth behind her son's involvement with narcotics, and a university professor battles unexpected revelations about his research employer, a drug company with deep government influence bringing a new ""non-addictive"" painkiller to market."
Title: Saw | Genres: horror, mystery, crime | Overview: Obsessed with teaching his victims the value of life, a deranged, sadistic serial killer abducts the morally wayward. Once captured, they must face impossible choices in a horrific game of survival. The victims must fight to win their lives back, or die trying...
Title: Secret of the Wings | Genres: animation, family, fantasy, adventure | Overview: Tinkerbell wanders into the forbidden Winter woods and meets Periwinkle. Together they learn the secret of their wings and try to unite the warm fairies and the winter fairies to help Pixie Hollow.
Title: The Day Naruto Became Hokage | Genres: comedy, animation, action, adventure | Overview: Depicts the day that Naruto Uzumaki became the 7th Hokage. Packaged with Boruto the Movie.
"Title: American Pie | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: At a high-school party, four friends find that losing their collective virginity isn't as easy as they had thought. But they still believe that they need to do so before college. To motivate themselves, they enter a pact to all ""score"" by their senior prom."
Title: Scream 2 | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: Two years after the terrifying events that occurred in Woodsboro, Sidney is now attending Windsor College in Cincinnati, and Gale Weathers' best selling book on Sidney's life has now been made into a major motion picture. When two college students are killed in a theatre while watching the new film 'Stab', Sidney knows deep down that history is repeating itself.
Title: Independence Day: Resurgence | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: We always knew they were coming back. Using recovered alien technology, the nations of Earth have collaborated on an immense defense program to protect the planet. But nothing can prepare us for the aliens’ advanced and unprecedented force. Only the ingenuity of a few brave men and women can bring our world back from the brink of extinction.
Title: Sicario | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: An idealistic FBI agent is enlisted by a government task force to aid in the escalating war against drugs at the border area between the U.S. and Mexico.
Title: The Purge: Anarchy | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: One night per year, the government sanctions a 12-hour period in which citizens can commit any crime they wish -- including murder -- without fear of punishment or imprisonment. Leo, a sergeant who lost his son, plans a vigilante mission of revenge during the mayhem. However, instead of a death-dealing avenger, he becomes the unexpected protector of four innocent strangers who desperately need his help if they are to survive the night.
Title: Chronicle | Genres: science fiction, drama, thriller | Overview: Three high school students make an incredible discovery, leading to their developing uncanny powers beyond their understanding. As they learn to control their abilities and use them to their advantage, their lives start to spin out of control, and their darker sides begin to take over.
Title: Insidious | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A family discovers that dark spirits have invaded their home after their son inexplicably falls into an endless sleep. When they reach out to a professional for help, they learn things are a lot more personal than they thought.
Title: The Ten Commandments | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Escaping death, a Hebrew infant is raised in a royal household to become a prince. Upon discovery of his true heritage, Moses embarks on a personal quest to reclaim his destiny as the leader and liberator of the Hebrew people.
Title: Skyline | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: When strange lights descend on the city of Los Angeles, people are drawn outside like moths to a flame where an extraterrestrial force threatens to swallow the entire human population off the face of the Earth. Now the band of survivors must fight for their lives as the world unravels around them.
"Title: The Heat | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: Uptight and straight-laced, FBI Special Agent Sarah Ashburn is a methodical investigator with a reputation for excellence--and hyper-arrogance. Shannon Mullins, one of Boston P.D.'s ""finest,"" is foul-mouthed and has a very short fuse, and uses her gut instinct and street smarts to catch the most elusive criminals. Neither has ever had a partner, or a friend for that matter. When these two wildly incompatible law officers join forces to bring down a ruthless drug lord, they become the last thing anyone expected: Buddies."
Title: Cats & Dogs 3: Paws Unite | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: It's been ten years since the creation of the Great Truce, an elaborate joint-species surveillance system designed and monitored by cats and dogs to keep the peace when conflicts arise. But when a tech-savvy villain hacks into wireless networks to use frequencies only heard by cats and dogs, he manipulates them into conflict and the worldwide battle between cats and dogs is BACK ON. Now, a team of inexperienced and untested agents will have to use their old-school animal instincts to restore order and peace between cats and dogs everywhere.
Title: Bride of Chucky | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: Chucky hooks up with another murderous doll, the bridal gown-clad Tiffany, for a Route 66 murder spree with their unwitting hosts.
Title: Edge of Tomorrow | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: Major Bill Cage is an officer who has never seen a day of combat when he is unceremoniously demoted and dropped into combat. Cage is killed within minutes, managing to take an alpha alien down with him. He awakens back at the beginning of the same day and is forced to fight and die again... and again - as physical contact with the alien has thrown him into a time loop.
Title: Avatar 2 | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: Twelve years after exploring Pandora and joining the Na’vi, Jake Sully has since raised a family with Neytiri and established himself within the clans of the new world. Of course, peace can only last so long. Especially when the military organization from the original film returns to “finish what they started”.
Title: The Expendables 3 | Genres: action, adventure, thriller | Overview: Barney, Christmas and the rest of the team comes face-to-face with Conrad Stonebanks, who years ago co-founded The Expendables with Barney. Stonebanks subsequently became a ruthless arms trader and someone who Barney was forced to kill… or so he thought. Stonebanks, who eluded death once before, now is making it his mission to end The Expendables -- but Barney has other plans. Barney decides that he has to fight old blood with new blood, and brings in a new era of Expendables team members, recruiting individuals who are younger, faster and more tech-savvy. The latest mission becomes a clash of classic old-school style versus high-tech expertise in the Expendables’ most personal battle yet.
Title: Predestination | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: Predestination chronicles the life of a Temporal Agent sent on an intricate series of time-travel journeys designed to prevent future killers from committing their crimes. Now, on his final assignment, the Agent must stop the one criminal that has eluded him throughout time and prevent a devastating attack in which thousands of lives will be lost.
Title: Now You See Me 2 | Genres: thriller, action, comedy | Overview: One year after outwitting the FBI and winning the public’s adulation with their mind-bending spectacles, the Four Horsemen resurface only to find themselves face to face with a new enemy who enlists them to pull off their most dangerous heist yet.
"Title: Jackass 3D | Genres: comedy, documentary, action | Overview: Johnny Knoxville, Bam Margera, Steve-O, Wee Man and the rest of their fearless and foolhardy friends take part in another round of outrageous pranks and stunts. In addition to standing in the path of a charging bull, launching themselves into the air and crashing through various objects, the guys perform in segments such as ""Sweatsuit Cocktail,"" ""Beehive Tetherball"" and ""Lamborghini Tooth Pull."""
Title: Don't Breathe | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A group of teens break into a blind man's home thinking they'll get away with the perfect crime. They're wrong.
Title: The Platform | Genres: drama, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A mysterious place, an indescribable prison, a deep hole. An unknown number of levels. Two inmates living on each level. A descending platform containing food for all of them. An inhuman fight for survival, but also an opportunity for solidarity.
"Title: Limitless | Genres: thriller, mystery, science fiction | Overview: A paranoia-fueled action thriller about an unsuccessful writer whose life is transformed by a top-secret ""smart drug"" that allows him to use 100% of his brain and become a perfect version of himself. His enhanced abilities soon attract shadowy forces that threaten his new life in this darkly comic and provocative film."
Title: Forrest Gump | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A man with a low IQ has accomplished great things in his life and been present during significant historic events—in each case, far exceeding what anyone imagined he could do. But despite all he has achieved, his one true love eludes him.
Title: Chemical Hearts | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: When a hopelessly romantic high school senior falls for a mysterious new classmate, it sets them both on an unexpected journey that teaches them about love, loss, and most importantly themselves.
Title: Mortal Engines | Genres: adventure, science fiction | Overview: Many thousands of years in the future, Earth’s cities roam the globe on huge wheels, devouring each other in a struggle for ever diminishing resources. On one of these massive traction cities, the old London, Tom Natsworthy has an unexpected encounter with a mysterious young woman from the wastelands who will change the course of his life forever.
Title: Dark Phoenix | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: The X-Men face their most formidable and powerful foe when one of their own, Jean Grey, starts to spiral out of control. During a rescue mission in outer space, Jean is nearly killed when she's hit by a mysterious cosmic force. Once she returns home, this force not only makes her infinitely more powerful, but far more unstable. The X-Men must now band together to save her soul and battle aliens that want to use Grey's new abilities to rule the galaxy.
Title: Barbie as Rapunzel | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Long, long ago, in a time of magic and dragons, there lived a girl named Rapunzel who had the most beautiful radiant hair the world had ever seen. But Rapunzel's life was far from wonderful. She lived as a servant to Gothel, a jealous, scheming witch who kept her hidden deep in a forbidding forest, guarded by the enormous dragon Hugo and surrounded by an enchanted glass wall. However, in a twist of fate, Rapunzel's discovery of a magic paintbrush leads her on a journey that will unravel a web of deception, bring peace to two feuding kingdoms, and ultimately lead her to love with the help of Penelope(TM), the least intimidating of dragons!
Title: Barbie: Princess Adventure | Genres: animation, music | Overview: With new friends in a new kingdom, Barbie learns what it means to be herself when she trades places with a royal lookalike in this musical adventure.
Title: Dragon Ball Z: The History of Trunks | Genres: animation, action, science fiction | Overview: It has been thirteen years since the Androids began their killing rampage and Son Gohan is the only person fighting back. He takes Bulma's son Trunks as a student and even gives his own life to save Trunks's. Now Trunks must figure out a way to change this apocalyptic future
Title: Underworld: Blood Wars | Genres: fantasy, action, thriller, horror | Overview: Vampire death dealer Selene fends off brutal attacks from both the Lycan clan and the Vampire faction that betrayed her. With her only allies, David and his father Thomas, she must stop the eternal war between Lycans and Vampires, even if it means she has to make the ultimate sacrifice.
Title: Stuart Little | Genres: family, animation, fantasy, comedy | Overview: The adventures of a heroic and debonair stalwart mouse named Stuart Little with human qualities, who faces some comic misadventures while searching for his lost bird friend and living with a human family as their child.
Title: Megamind | Genres: animation, action, comedy, family, science fiction | Overview: Bumbling supervillain Megamind finally defeats his nemesis, the superhero Metro Man. But without a hero, he loses all purpose and must find new meaning to his life.
Title: Solo: A Star Wars Story | Genres: science fiction, adventure, action | Overview: Through a series of daring escapades deep within a dark and dangerous criminal underworld, Han Solo meets his mighty future copilot Chewbacca and encounters the notorious gambler Lando Calrissian.
Title: The Banishing | Genres: horror | Overview: In the 1930s, a young reverend and his family are forced to confront their worst fears when they discover their new home holds a horrifying secret.
Title: Unbroken: Path to Redemption | Genres: drama | Overview: Zamperini returns to California where he wound up marrying Cynthia Applewhite while wrestling with untreated PTSD, suffering constant nightmares, angry, bitter and deeply depressed, his wife convinces Zamperini to attend the 1949 Billy Graham Crusade.
Title: Knives Out | Genres: comedy, crime, mystery | Overview: When renowned crime novelist Harlan Thrombey is found dead at his estate just after his 85th birthday, the inquisitive and debonair Detective Benoit Blanc is mysteriously enlisted to investigate. From Harlan's dysfunctional family to his devoted staff, Blanc sifts through a web of red herrings and self-serving lies to uncover the truth behind Harlan's untimely death.
Title: Malena | Genres: drama | Overview: On the day in 1940 that Italy enters the war, two things happen to the 12-year-old Renato: he gets his first bike, and he gets his first look at Malèna. She is a beautiful, silent outsider who's moved to this Sicilian town to be with her husband, Nico. He promptly goes off to war, leaving her to the lustful eyes of the men and the sharp tongues of the women. During the next few years, as Renato grows toward manhood, he watches Malèna suffer and prove her mettle. He sees her loneliness, then grief when Nico is reported dead, the effects of slander on her relationship with her father, her poverty and search for work, and final humiliations. Will Renato learn courage from Malèna and stand up for her?
Title: Sanctum | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Master diver Frank McGuire (Richard Roxburgh) has explored the South Pacific's Esa-ala Caves for months. But when his exit is cut off in a flash flood, Frank's team—including 17-year-old son Josh (Rhys Wakefield) and financier Carl Hurley (Ioan Gruffudd)—are forced to radically alter plans. With dwindling supplies, the crew must navigate an underwater labyrinth to make it out. Soon, they are confronted with the unavoidable question: Can they survive, or will they be trapped forever?
Title: Confessions of an Invisible Girl | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: When the clever but socially-awkward Tetê joins a new school, she'll do anything to fit in. But the queen bee among her classmates has other ideas.
Title: The Rental | Genres: horror | Overview: Two couples on an oceanside getaway grow suspicious that the host of their seemingly perfect rental house may be spying on them. Before long, what should have been a celebratory weekend trip turns into something far more sinister.
Title: A Classic Horror Story | Genres: drama, horror, mystery, comedy | Overview: Five people travelling by camper crash into a tree. When they recover, the road they were driving on has been replaced by an impenetrable forest and a wooden house.
Title: I, Robot | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: In 2035, where robots are commonplace and abide by the three laws of robotics, a technophobic cop investigates an apparent suicide. Suspecting that a robot may be responsible for the death, his investigation leads him to believe that humanity may be in danger.
Title: Scarface | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: After getting a green card in exchange for assassinating a Cuban government official, Tony Montana stakes a claim on the drug trade in Miami. Viciously murdering anyone who stands in his way, Tony eventually becomes the biggest drug lord in the state, controlling nearly all the cocaine that comes through Miami. But increased pressure from the police, wars with Colombian drug cartels and his own drug-fueled paranoia serve to fuel the flames of his eventual downfall.
Title: Shanghai Fortress | Genres: science fiction, war | Overview: Set in the future, the city of Shanghai battle to defend itself against an ongoing attack by an alien force that has attacked and laid siege to numerous cities around the globe in it's quest to harvest a hidden energy only found on earth.
Title: The Mad Hatter | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: An eccentric professor takes four of his students to the mansion of the “Mad Hatter”, an urban legend driven insane by mercury poisoning and grief. He says that there’s nothing to worry about now: the strange, shambling “caretakers” that haunt the home are merely servants that have fallen to inbreeding, and the Hatter himself has been dead for years. But as the students start disappearing one by one, those that remain start to question if the professor’s experiment is truly scientific...and if the Hatter didn’t just succumb to his madness, but decided to spread it...
Title: The Devil Wears Prada | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Andy moves to New York to work in the fashion industry. Her boss is extremely demanding, cruel and won't let her succeed if she doesn't fit into the high class elegant look of their magazine.
Title: Aftermath | Genres: horror, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Desperate to save their marriage, a young couple takes a deal to move into their dream home, but disturbing events reveal the house's troubled history.
Title: Naruto Shippuden the Movie: Bonds | Genres: fantasy, animation, action | Overview: A mysterious group of ninjas makes a surprise attack on the Konohagakure, which takes great damage. The nightmare of another Shinobi World War could become a reality. Sasuke, who was still a missing nin from Konoha trying to kill his brother, Itachi, appears for the second time in front of Naruto at an unknown location to prevent it from happening.
Title: The Walking Dead | Genres: drama, war | Overview: Five young marines on a suicide mission in Vietnam, struggle for survival in a jungle minefield. The mean streets of home did not prepare them for this.
Title: Dear Evan Hansen | Genres: drama | Overview: Evan Hansen, a high schooler with social anxiety, unintentionally gets caught up in a lie after the family of a classmate who committed suicide mistakes one of Hansen’s letters for their son’s suicide note.
"Title: Bolt | Genres: animation, family, adventure, comedy | Overview: Bolt is the star of the biggest show in Hollywood. The only problem is, he thinks it's real. After he's accidentally shipped to New York City and separated from Penny, his beloved co-star and owner, Bolt must harness all his ""super powers"" to find a way home."
Title: Mission: Impossible - Fallout | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: When an IMF mission ends badly, the world is faced with dire consequences. As Ethan Hunt takes it upon himself to fulfill his original briefing, the CIA begin to question his loyalty and his motives. The IMF team find themselves in a race against time, hunted by assassins while trying to prevent a global catastrophe.
Title: Under Wraps | Genres: comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: Three friends try to save their mummified friend, Harold, from greedy criminals by returning him to his resting place before midnight on Halloween.
Title: Fireworks | Genres: animation, drama, fantasy | Overview: Moshimo, Japan. The annual fireworks festival is about to take place and a group of schoolboys, arguing over whether they are round or flat when viewed from different angles, set out to find it out.
Title: Hummingbird | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Homeless and on the run from a military court martial, a damaged ex-special forces soldier navigating London's criminal underworld seizes an opportunity to assume another man's identity, transforming into an avenging angel in the process.
Title: HK: Hentai Kamen 2 - Abnormal Crisis | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: News about the disappearance of panties is still being covered every day. Kyosuke (Ryohei Suzuki) still wears Aiko Completo's (Fumika Shimizu) panties to battle evil. Meanwhile, Aiko has mixed emotions and decides to get her panties back. Kyosuke suffers from the loss of Aiko's panties and disappears, but his biggest enemy yet is about to materialise...
Title: Rumble | Genres: family, comedy, animation | Overview: In a world where monster wrestling is a global sport and monsters are superstar athletes, teenage Winnie seeks to follow in her father’s footsteps by coaching a loveable underdog monster into a champion.
Title: Batman: The Dark Knight Returns, Part 1 | Genres: science fiction, action, animation, mystery | Overview: Batman has not been seen for ten years. A new breed of criminal ravages Gotham City, forcing 55-year-old Bruce Wayne back into the cape and cowl. But, does he still have what it takes to fight crime in a new era?
Title: Zombieland: Double Tap | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: Columbus, Tallahassee, Wichita, and Little Rock move to the American heartland as they face off against evolved zombies, fellow survivors, and the growing pains of the snarky makeshift family.
Title: Rocky | Genres: drama | Overview: When world heavyweight boxing champion, Apollo Creed wants to give an unknown fighter a shot at the title as a publicity stunt, his handlers choose palooka Rocky Balboa, an uneducated collector for a Philadelphia loan shark. Rocky teams up with trainer Mickey Goldmill to make the most of this once in a lifetime break.
Title: Gifted | Genres: family, drama, comedy | Overview: Frank, a single man raising his child prodigy niece Mary, is drawn into a custody battle with his mother.
Title: Escape Room | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: Six strangers find themselves in circumstances beyond their control, and must use their wits to survive.
Title: A un paso de mí | Genres: adventure, comedy, drama | Overview: Tatiana is a journalist with a routine life in all its aspects and a recently failed love relationship. Motivated by her best friend, she decides to make a stop and travel around Costa Rica to find herself and inner peace.
Title: Colombiana | Genres: action, thriller, crime, drama | Overview: After witnessing her parents’ murder as a child in Bogota, Cataleya Restrepo grows up to be a stone-cold assassin. She works for her uncle as a hitman by day, but her personal time is spent engaging in vigilante murders that she hopes will lead her to her ultimate target: the mobster responsible for her parents' death.
Title: Boiling Point | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: A head chef balances multiple personal and professional crises at a popular restaurant in London.
"Title: Anastasia | Genres: animation, family | Overview: This animated adventure spins a more optimistic twist on the long-mythicized story of the ""lost daughter"" of Russia's last czar. A wicked sorcerer places a curse on the Romanov family, and Anastasia is separated from them during their attempts to escape from a rowdy revolt seizing their palace. Years later, after growing up with amnesia in an orphanage, ""Anya"" encounters two Russian men seeking a reward offered by the Dowager Empress Marie, for the return of her missing granddaughter. They decide to travel together to visit the Empress in Paris. Will Anya finally be reunited with her remaining family and find a loving home at last?"
Title: Insensate | Genres: mystery, horror, thriller | Overview: A woman tries to help her twin sister, with whom she has a strong connection, recover from a trauma. But weird things surround their lives.
Title: The Craft: Legacy | Genres: horror, drama, fantasy | Overview: An eclectic foursome of aspiring teenage witches get more than they bargained for as they lean into their newfound powers.
Title: Big Mommas: Like Father, Like Son | Genres: crime, comedy, action | Overview: FBI agent Malcolm Turner and his 17-year-old son, Trent, go undercover at an all-girls performing arts school after Trent witnesses a murder. Posing as Big Momma and Charmaine, they must find the murderer before he finds them.
Title: Descendants 2 | Genres: family, fantasy, tv movie, music, adventure, action, romance | Overview: When the pressure to be royal becomes too much for Mal, she returns to the Isle of the Lost where her archenemy Uma, Ursula's daughter, has taken her spot as self-proclaimed queen.
Title: Death Race 2 | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: In the world's most dangerous prison, a new game is born: Death Race. The rules of this adrenaline-fueled blood sport are simple, drive or die. When repentant convict Carl Lucas discovers there's a price on his head, his only hope is to survive a twisted race against an army of hardened criminals and tricked-out cars.
Title: Straight Outta Compton | Genres: drama, music, history | Overview: In 1987, five young men, using brutally honest rhymes and hardcore beats, put their frustration and anger about life in the most dangerous place in America into the most powerful weapon they had: their music. Taking us back to where it all began, Straight Outta Compton tells the true story of how these cultural rebels—armed only with their lyrics, swagger, bravado and raw talent—stood up to the authorities that meant to keep them down and formed the world’s most dangerous group, N.W.A. And as they spoke the truth that no one had before and exposed life in the hood, their voice ignited a social revolution that is still reverberating today.
Title: Prey | Genres: thriller | Overview: A hiking trip into the wild turns into a desperate bid for survival for five friends on the run from a mysterious shooter.
Title: Frozen Fever | Genres: animation, family, adventure, comedy | Overview: On Anna's birthday, Elsa and Kristoff are determined to give her the best celebration ever, but Elsa's icy powers may put more than just the party at risk.
Title: Back to the Future | Genres: adventure, comedy, science fiction, family | Overview: Eighties teenager Marty McFly is accidentally sent back in time to 1955, inadvertently disrupting his parents' first meeting and attracting his mother's romantic interest. Marty must repair the damage to history by rekindling his parents' romance and - with the help of his eccentric inventor friend Doc Brown - return to 1985.
Title: The Kids Are Alright: Destination Asturias | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: When Ricardo, a responsible father, decides to personally take his son to a camp in Asturias, other parents propose that he should also take care of their children. When the train is about to leave, Felipe, a flamboyant individual and grandfather of two of the children, shows up at the station.
Title: The Magnificent Seven | Genres: adventure, action, western | Overview: Looking to mine for gold, greedy industrialist Bartholomew Bogue seizes control of the Old West town of Rose Creek. With their lives in jeopardy, Emma Cullen and other desperate residents turn to bounty hunter Sam Chisolm for help. Chisolm recruits an eclectic group of gunslingers to take on Bogue and his ruthless henchmen. With a deadly showdown on the horizon, the seven mercenaries soon find themselves fighting for more than just money once the bullets start to fly.
Title: Money Heist: The Phenomenon | Genres: documentary | Overview: A documentary on why 'Money Heist' sparked a wave of enthusiasm around the world for a lovable group of thieves and their professor.
Title: A Good Day to Die Hard | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Iconoclastic, take-no-prisoners cop John McClane, finds himself for the first time on foreign soil after traveling to Moscow to help his wayward son Jack - unaware that Jack is really a highly-trained CIA operative out to stop a nuclear weapons heist. With the Russian underworld in pursuit, and battling a countdown to war, the two McClanes discover that their opposing methods make them unstoppable heroes.
Title: The Marco Effect | Genres: thriller, crime | Overview: When 14-year-old Marco, a homeless Romani boy, is arrested at the Danish border for possession of a missing public servant's passport, police inspector Carl Mørck and his Department Q team are tasked with finding the connection. The old case contains several suspicious elements: The public servant was accused of pedophilia shortly before he disappeared, and his case was closed unusually quickly. But the silent, traumatized Marco refuses to talk to them and it's not long before he's on the run from those who intend to kill him because of what he knows.
"Title: The Tourist | Genres: action, thriller, romance | Overview: American tourist Frank meets mysterious British woman Elsie on the train to Venice. Romance seems to bud, but there's more to her than meets the eye. Remake of the 2005 French film ""Anthony Zimmer"", written and directed by Jérôme Salle."
Title: Intrusion | Genres: thriller | Overview: When a husband and wife move to a small town, a home invasion leaves the wife traumatized and suspicious that those around her might not be who they seem.
Title: Terminator 2: Judgment Day | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Nearly 10 years have passed since Sarah Connor was targeted for termination by a cyborg from the future. Now her son, John, the future leader of the resistance, is the target for a newer, more deadly terminator. Once again, the resistance has managed to send a protector back to attempt to save John and his mother Sarah.
Title: The Iron Giant | Genres: family, animation, adventure, science fiction, comedy | Overview: In the small town of Rockwell, Maine in October 1957, a giant metal machine befriends a nine-year-old boy and ultimately finds its humanity by unselfishly saving people from their own fears and prejudices.
Title: Final Destination | Genres: horror | Overview: After a teenager has a terrifying vision of him and his friends dying in a plane crash, he prevents the accident only to have Death hunt them down, one by one.
Title: Sausage Party | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Frank leads a group of supermarket products on a quest to discover the truth about their existence and what really happens when they become chosen to leave the grocery store.
Title: Finding 'Ohana | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Two Brooklyn siblings' summer in a rural Oahu town takes an exciting turn when a journal pointing to long-lost treasure sets them on an adventure, leading them to reconnect with their Hawaiian heritage.
Title: Corpus Christi | Genres: drama | Overview: A pious 20-year-old juvenile delinquent is sent to work at a sawmill in a small town; on arrival, he dresses up as a priest and accidentally takes over the local parish. The arrival of this young, charismatic preacher is an opportunity for the local community to begin the healing process after a tragedy that happened a year prior.
Title: Benedetta | Genres: drama, history, romance | Overview: A 17th-century nun becomes entangled in a forbidden lesbian affair with a novice. But it is Benedetta's shocking religious visions that threaten to shake the Church to its core.
Title: The Dinosaur Project | Genres: adventure, action | Overview: Found footage of an expedition into the Congo jungle where a team of explorers stumbles upon a colony of Dinosaurs.
Title: Son of Batman | Genres: animation, action, adventure | Overview: Batman learns he has a violent, unruly pre-teen son, secretly raised by the terrorist group known as The League of Assassins.
Title: Confessions of a Shopaholic | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: In the glamorous world of New York City, Rebecca Bloomwood is a fun-loving girl who is really good at shopping-a little too good, perhaps. She dreams of working for her favorite fashion magazine, but can't quite get her foot in the door-until ironically, she snags a job as an advice columnist for a financial magazine published by the same company.
Title: Life Is Beautiful | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A touching story of an Italian book seller of Jewish ancestry who lives in his own little fairy tale. His creative and happy life would come to an abrupt halt when his entire family is deported to a concentration camp during World War II. While locked up he tries to convince his son that the whole thing is just a game.
Title: Infidelity in Suburbia | Genres: thriller, tv movie | Overview: With her husband away at work, and her son at school, Laura dreams of a home-renovation project to supplant her restless days. Elliott, her irresistibly hot private contractor, soon fulfills her more forbidden dreams.
Title: La Casa | Genres: horror | Overview: Responding to an urgent call for help, a police officer becomes trapped by the evil spirits of a cursed house.
Title: Over the Moon | Genres: animation, adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: In this animated musical, a girl builds a rocket ship and blasts off, hoping to meet a mythical moon goddess.
Title: Rise of the Guardians | Genres: family, animation, fantasy, action, adventure | Overview: When an evil spirit known as Pitch lays down the gauntlet to take over the world, the immortal Guardians must join forces for the first time to protect the hopes, beliefs and imagination of children all over the world.
Title: Jennifer's Body | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: Jennifer, a gorgeous, seductive cheerleader takes evil to a whole new level after she's possessed by a sinister demon. Now it's up to her best friend to stop Jennifer's reign of terror before it's too late.
Title: One Piece Film: Z | Genres: action, adventure, animation | Overview: Zephyr, now known as Z, rides the seas with only one goal: Destroy all pirates and their dreams at becoming King of Pirates. When Luffy and his crew encounter him at sea, not only are they utterly defeated by the man with an arm made of Seastone, Nami, Robin, and Chopper are turned 10 years younger due to Z's minion Ain. Luffy is so determined to win against him that he does not even notice Z's master plan that could sacrifice thousands of lives.
Title: The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones | Genres: fantasy, action, mystery | Overview: In New York City, Clary Fray, a seemingly ordinary teenager, learns that she is descended from a line of Shadowhunters — half-angel warriors who protect humanity from evil forces. After her mother disappears, Clary joins forces with a group of Shadowhunters and enters Downworld, an alternate realm filled with demons, vampires, and a host of other creatures. Clary and her companions must find and protect an ancient cup that holds the key to her mother's future.
Title: We Are Nothing | Genres: documentary, music | Overview: La Polla Records, one of the most legendary punk bands, returns to bid its farewell. To celebrate the group's last tour, its singer, Evaristo Páramos, revives 40 years of history from his town in the Basque Country. This is the extraordinary tale of villagers who revolutionised incensed music with songs turned into hymns by their thousands of followers.
Title: Undercover Wedding Crashers | Genres: comedy | Overview: Geeky-looking Sebas is a surprisingly good classical musician. He’s also a complete unknown in the criminal underworld, and as a new newbie on the police force, that makes him the perfect man for a dangerous mission: to go undercover as a keyboard player for “Los Lolos”, a cheesy flamenco-trap band, who have been hired to play at the wedding of a local mafia boss’ daughter that a major drug trafficker will be attending. Sebas is keen to take on the mission, blissfully unaware that he will turn out to be even cheesier than Lolo, the band’s lead singer, and fall in love with his sister, Luci. Now Sebas will face a tough choice: remain loyal to his new friends or complete his police mission.
Title: Idiocracy | Genres: adventure, comedy, science fiction | Overview: To test its top-secret Human Hibernation Project, the Pentagon picks the most average Americans it can find - an Army private and a prostitute - and sends them to the year 2505 after a series of freak events. But when they arrive, they find a civilization so dumbed-down that they're the smartest people around.
Title: Pokémon the Movie: Volcanion and the Mechanical Marvel | Genres: family, adventure, animation, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Ash meets the Mythical Pokémon Volcanion when it crashes down from the sky, creating a cloud of dust—and a mysterious force binds the two of them together! Volcanion despises humans and tries to get away, but it’s forced to drag Ash along as it continues its rescue mission. They arrive in a city of cogs and gears, where a corrupt official has stolen the ultimate invention: the Artificial Pokémon Magearna, created 500 years ago. He plans to use its mysterious power to take control of this mechanical kingdom! Can Ash and Volcanion work together to rescue Magearna? One of the greatest battles in Pokémon history is about to unfold!
Title: Lady and the Tramp | Genres: family, animation, romance | Overview: Lady, a golden cocker spaniel, meets up with a mongrel dog who calls himself the Tramp. He is obviously from the wrong side of town, but happenings at Lady's home make her decide to travel with him for a while.
Title: Paul, Apostle of Christ | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Risking his life, Luke ventures to Rome to visit Paul -- the apostle who's bound in chains and held captive in Nero's darkest and bleakest prison cell. Haunted by the shadows of his past misdeeds, Paul wonders if he's been forgotten as he awaits his grisly execution. Before Paul's death, Luke resolves to write another book that details the birth of what will come to be known as the church.
Title: Nymphomaniac: Vol. II | Genres: drama, mystery | Overview: The continuation of Joe's sexually dictated life delves into the darker aspects of her adult life and what led to her being in Seligman's care.
Title: Hotel Desire | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The story is about a woman who lives alone. Her son went to his father in another place. The first character is a maid in a hotel to serve the people. First, she got some serious problems in her job. She couldn't take care of both, her job and her son. Her supervisor solved some her problems because he was a good man and may like her. She was not rich and proud, she listened her colleague advice about sex because she didn't have sex for about seven years. She went accidentally to a room who a blind man is living. He was naked after a shower and he talked on his phone. after that, he looked for his socks but he touched the maid body that listened his conversation and be completely quiet. then they started to do sex.
Title: CJ7 | Genres: comedy, drama, family, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Ti, a really poor construction worker that struggles to keep his son, Dicky, in private school, mistakes an orb he finds in a junkjard for a toy which proves to be much, much more once the young boy starts to play with it.
Title: Rise of the Mummy | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: A group of archaeology students awaken an ancient mummy. After being trapped in a time loop, the only way they can escape, is to defeat the mummy. As the body count rises, it seems the Mummy has to collect the souls of those who woke him to be able to walk the earth - for good.
Title: Aquaman and The Lost Kingdom | Genres: adventure, action, fantasy | Overview: When an ancient power is unleashed, Aquaman must forge an uneasy alliance with an unlikely ally to protect Atlantis, and the world, from irreversible devastation.
Title: Beverly Hills Chihuahua | Genres: comedy, family, adventure, romance | Overview: A pampered Beverly Hills chihuahua named Chloe who, while on vacation in Mexico with her owner Viv's niece, Rachel, gets lost and must rely on her friends to help her get back home before she is caught by a dognapper who wants to ransom her.
Title: Scary Movie 3 | Genres: comedy | Overview: In the third installment of the Scary Movie franchise, news anchorwoman Cindy Campbell has to investigate mysterious crop circles and killing video tapes, and help the President stop an alien invasion in the process.
Title: The Aristocats | Genres: animation, comedy, family, adventure | Overview: When Madame Adelaide Bonfamille leaves her fortune to Duchess and her children—Bonfamille’s beloved family of cats—the butler plots to steal the money and kidnaps the legatees, leaving them out on a country road. All seems lost until the wily Thomas O’Malley Cat and his jazz-playing alley cats come to the aristocats’ rescue.
Title: Soy leyenda | Genres: drama, horror, science fiction | Overview: First the atomic war broke out, new machines were made, dead birds appeared. In 1999, a bacteriological warfare began, there were sandstorms and giant locust infestations; the human tissue was transformed and a new being, once legendary, now real, emerged: the vampire. Only Robert Neville, the last man on Earth, remains unpolluted, living in constant struggle with the new inhabitants of the planet.
Title: American Pie Presents: Girls' Rules | Genres: comedy | Overview: It's Senior year at East Great Falls. Annie, Kayla, Michelle, and Stephanie decide to harness their girl power and band together to get what they want their last year of high school.
"Title: Spy Kids | Genres: action, comedy, family, adventure | Overview: Carmen and Juni think their parents are boring. Little do they know that in their day, Gregorio and Ingrid Cortez were the top secret agents from their respective countries. They gave up that life to raise their children. Now, the disappearances of several of their old colleagues forces the Cortez' return from retirement. What they didn't count on was Carmen and Juni joining the ""family business."""
Title: Cyrano | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A man ahead of his time, Cyrano de Bergerac dazzles whether with ferocious wordplay at a verbal joust or with brilliant swordplay in a duel. But, convinced that his appearance renders him unworthy of the love of a devoted friend, the luminous Roxanne, Cyrano has yet to declare his feelings for her—and Roxanne has fallen in love, at first sight, with Christian.
"Title: Undisputed II: Last Man Standing | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Sequel to the 2002 film. This time, Heavyweight Champ George ""Iceman"" Chambers (White) is sent to a Russian jail on trumped-up drug charges. In order to win his freedom he must fight against the jailhouse fighting champ Uri Boyka (Adkins) in a battle to the death. This time he is not fighting for a title, he is fighting for his life!"
"Title: Belle | Genres: animation, drama, science fiction, music | Overview: Suzu is a 17-year-old high-school student living in a rural town with her father. Wounded by the loss of her mother at a young age, Suzu one day discovers the massive online world ""U"" and dives into this alternate reality as her avatar, Belle. Before long, all of U's eyes are fixed on Belle, when, suddenly, a mysterious, dragon-like figure appears before her."
Title: The Legend of Tarzan | Genres: fantasy, action, adventure | Overview: Tarzan, having acclimated to life in London, is called back to his former home in the jungle to investigate the activities at a mining encampment.
Title: Avengers Confidential: Black Widow & Punisher | Genres: animation, science fiction, action | Overview: When the Punisher takes out a black-market weapons dealer, he stumbles upon a far-reaching terrorist plot devised by a group known as Leviathan.
"Title: Léon: The Professional | Genres: crime, drama, action | Overview: Léon, the top hit man in New York, has earned a rep as an effective ""cleaner"". But when his next-door neighbors are wiped out by a loose-cannon DEA agent, he becomes the unwilling custodian of 12-year-old Mathilda. Before long, Mathilda's thoughts turn to revenge, and she considers following in Léon's footsteps."
Title: Away | Genres: animation, drama, adventure, fantasy | Overview: After suffering a plane crash on a mysterious island, a young man embarks on an epic journey through forests, deserts and mountains trying to escape the shadow of a huge dark spirit.
Title: Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Inventor Flint Lockwood creates a machine that makes clouds rain food, enabling the down-and-out citizens of Chewandswallow to feed themselves. But when the falling food reaches gargantuan proportions, Flint must scramble to avert disaster. Can he regain control of the machine and put an end to the wild weather before the town is destroyed?
Title: 21 Jump Street | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: In high school, Schmidt was a dork and Jenko was the popular jock. After graduation, both of them joined the police force and ended up as partners riding bicycles in the city park. Since they are young and look like high school students, they are assigned to an undercover unit to infiltrate a drug ring that is supplying high school students synthetic drugs.
Title: 101 Dalmatians II: Patch's London Adventure | Genres: family, adventure, comedy, animation | Overview: Being one of 101 takes its toll on Patch, who doesn't feel unique. When he's accidentally left behind on moving day, he meets his idol, Thunderbolt, who enlists him on a publicity campaign.
Title: Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: Three scouts and lifelong friends join forces with one badass cocktail waitress to become the world’s most unlikely team of heroes. When their peaceful town is ravaged by a zombie invasion, they’ll fight for the badge of a lifetime and put their scouting skills to the test to save mankind from the undead.
Title: Barbie: Princess Charm School | Genres: family, animation, fantasy | Overview: Barbie stars as Blair Willows, a kind-hearted girl who is chosen to attend Princess Charm School: a magical, modern place that teaches dancing, how to have tea parties, and proper princess manners. Blair loves her classes -- as well as the helpful magical sprites and her new friends, Princesses Hadley and Isla. But when royal teacher Dame Devin discovers that Blair looks a lot like the kingdom’s missing princess, she turns Blair’s world upside down to stop her from claiming the throne. Now Blair, Hadley and Delancy must find an enchanted crown to prove Blair’s true identity in this charming and magical princess story!
Title: City Under Siege | Genres: science fiction, action, thriller | Overview: Sunny is a naïve circus performer who dreams of inheriting his father's knife-throwing skills. However, his hostile colleagues continue to bully him, relegating him to a lowly clown. On a tour to Malaysia, Cheung and other performers discover a cave occupied by the Japanese army during World War II. Instead of finding treasure, the performers - including Sunny - are sprayed with a mysterious chemical that turns them into superhuman mutants...
Title: 300: Rise of an Empire | Genres: action, drama, war | Overview: Greek general Themistokles attempts to unite all of Greece by leading the charge that will change the course of the war. Themistokles faces the massive invading Persian forces led by mortal-turned-god, Xerxes and Artemesia, the vengeful commander of the Persian navy.
Title: Couples Retreat | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Four couples, all friends, descend on a tropical island resort. Though one husband and wife are there to work on their marriage, the others just want to enjoy some fun in the sun. They soon find, however, that paradise comes at a price: Participation in couples therapy sessions is mandatory. What started out as a cut-rate vacation turns into an examination of the common problems many face.
Title: Songbird | Genres: thriller, romance, drama, mystery | Overview: During a pandemic lockdown, Nico, a young man with rare immunity, must overcome martial law, murderous vigilantes and a powerful family to reunite with his love, Sara.
Title: Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom | Genres: adventure, action | Overview: After arriving in India, Indiana Jones is asked by a desperate village to find a mystical stone. He agrees – and stumbles upon a secret cult plotting a terrible plan in the catacombs of an ancient palace.
Title: To All the Boys I've Loved Before | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Lara Jean's love life goes from imaginary to out of control when her secret letters to every boy she's ever fallen for are mysteriously mailed out.
Title: Bee Movie | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: Barry B. Benson, a bee who has just graduated from college, is disillusioned at his lone career choice: making honey. On a special trip outside the hive, Barry's life is saved by Vanessa, a florist in New York City. As their relationship blossoms, he discovers humans actually eat honey, and subsequently decides to sue us.
Title: Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory | Genres: family, fantasy, comedy | Overview: When eccentric candy man Willy Wonka promises a lifetime supply of sweets and a tour of his chocolate factory to five lucky kids, penniless Charlie Bucket seeks the golden ticket that will make him a winner.
Title: War Dogs | Genres: comedy, crime, drama | Overview: Based on the true story of two young men, David Packouz and Efraim Diveroli, who won a $300 million contract from the Pentagon to arm America's allies in Afghanistan.
Title: Twist | Genres: crime, drama, action | Overview: A Dickens classic brought thrillingly up to date in the teeming heartland of modern London, where a group of street smart young hustlers plan the heist of the century for the ultimate payday.
Title: Barbie in The 12 Dancing Princesses | Genres: animation, family | Overview: King Randolph sends for his cousin Duchess Rowena to help turn his daughters, Princess Genevieve and her 11 sisters, into better ladies. But the Duchess takes away all the sisters fun, including the sisters favorite pastime: dancing.Thinking all hope is lost they find a secret passageway to a magical land were they can dance the night away.
"Title: Grumpy Christmas | Genres: comedy | Overview: Bitter, grumpy patriarch Don Servando and his family travel to spend Christmas with Doña Alicia, a relative who becomes his ""ultimate nemesis"". It may be Christmas, but Don Servando is set on proving to everyone that Doña Alicia is a terrible person."
Title: Attack on Titan II: End of the World | Genres: horror, science fiction, action, fantasy | Overview: Eren leaves to restore a break in the wall destroyed by a Titan. He comes under attack by the Titans and is cornered. Shikishima comes to his aid. The titans never stops attacking. Eren is now injured and tries to protect Armin, but is swallowed by a titan. A Titan with black hair appears and begins to expel the other titans.
Title: The SpongeBob Movie: Sponge Out of Water | Genres: family, adventure, comedy, fantasy, animation | Overview: Burger Beard is a pirate who is in search of the final page of a magical book that makes any evil plan he writes in it come true, which happens to be the Krabby Patty secret formula. When the entire city of Bikini Bottom is put in danger, SpongeBob, Patrick, Mr. Krabs, Squidward, Sandy, and Plankton need to go on a quest that takes them to the surface. In order to get back the recipe and save their city, the gang must retrieve the book and transform themselves into superheroes.
Title: Alice Through the Looking Glass | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: Alice Kingsleigh returns to Underland and faces a new adventure in saving the Mad Hatter.
Title: Spectre | Genres: action, adventure, thriller | Overview: A cryptic message from Bond’s past sends him on a trail to uncover a sinister organization. While M battles political forces to keep the secret service alive, Bond peels back the layers of deceit to reveal the terrible truth behind SPECTRE.
Title: Red Tails | Genres: drama, action, adventure, history, war | Overview: The story of the Tuskegee Airmen, the first African-American pilots to fly in a combat squadron during World War II.
Title: Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: After the disastrous food storm in the first film, Flint and his friends are forced to leave the town. Flint accepts the invitation from his idol Chester V to join The Live Corp Company, which has been tasked to clean the island, and where the best inventors in the world create technologies for the betterment of mankind. When Flint discovers that his machine still operates and now creates mutant food beasts like living pickles, hungry tacodiles, shrimpanzees and apple pie-thons, he and his friends must return to save the world.
Title: Lockout | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Set in the near future, Lockout follows a falsely convicted ex-government agent , whose one chance at obtaining freedom lies in the dangerous mission of rescuing the President's daughter from rioting convicts at an outer space maximum security prison.
Title: The Wolf of Snow Hollow | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A stressed-out police officer struggles not to give in to the paranoia that grips his small mountain town as bodies turn up after each full moon.
Title: Hellboy | Genres: fantasy, action | Overview: In the final days of World War II, the Nazis attempt to use black magic to aid their dying cause. The Allies raid the camp where the ceremony is taking place, but not before a demon—Hellboy—has already been conjured. Joining the Allied forces, Hellboy eventually grows to adulthood, serving the cause of good rather than evil.
Title: Gone Girl | Genres: mystery, thriller, drama | Overview: With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent.
Title: A Dog's Purpose | Genres: adventure, comedy, fantasy, family, drama | Overview: A dog goes on quest to discover his purpose in life over the course of several lifetimes with multiple owners.
Title: Gladiator | Genres: action, drama, adventure | Overview: In the year 180, the death of emperor Marcus Aurelius throws the Roman Empire into chaos. Maximus is one of the Roman army's most capable and trusted generals and a key advisor to the emperor. As Marcus' devious son Commodus ascends to the throne, Maximus is set to be executed. He escapes, but is captured by slave traders. Renamed Spaniard and forced to become a gladiator, Maximus must battle to the death with other men for the amusement of paying audiences.
Title: Predator | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure, thriller | Overview: A team of commandos on a mission in a Central American jungle find themselves hunted by an extraterrestrial warrior.
Title: Angel Has Fallen | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: After a treacherous attack, Secret Service agent Mike Banning is charged with attempting to assassinate President Trumbull. Chased by his own colleagues and the FBI, Banning begins a race against the clock to clear his name.
Title: Freddy vs. Jason | Genres: horror | Overview: In an attempt to free himself from a state of forgotten limbo, evil dream-demon Freddy Krueger devises a plan to manipulate un-dead mass murderer Jason Voorhees into slicing-and-dicing his way through the teenage population of Springwood. But when the master of dreams loses control of his monster, a brutal fight to the death is the only way out.
Title: 9 | Genres: action, adventure, animation, science fiction, thriller | Overview: When 9 first comes to life, he finds himself in a post-apocalyptic world. All humans are gone, and it is only by chance that he discovers a small community of others like him taking refuge from fearsome machines that roam the earth intent on their extinction. Despite being the neophyte of the group, 9 convinces the others that hiding will do them no good.
Title: Due Date | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Peter Highman must scramble across the US in five days to be present for the birth of his first child. He gets off to a bad start when his wallet and luggage are stolen, and put on the 'no-fly' list. Peter embarks on a terrifying journey when he accepts a ride from an actor.
Title: Porno Unplugged | Genres: documentary | Overview: Journalist Fabian Burstein looks behind the curtains of the porn industry. Starting in Budapest he heads westwards to explore a new world on its victory march rooted deeply in Austria. On this journey he meets the heroes and leading actors of this story: Austrians Mick Blue, Renee Pornero and Thomas Janisch. Porno Unplugged follows its native porn stars to where their lives happen. From east to west...
Title: Fantasia | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Walt Disney's timeless masterpiece is an extravaganza of sight and sound! See the music come to life, hear the pictures burst into song and experience the excitement that is Fantasia over and over again.
Title: Jack the Giant Slayer | Genres: fantasy, action, adventure, family | Overview: The story of an ancient war that is reignited when a young farmhand unwittingly opens a gateway between our world and a fearsome race of giants. Unleashed on the Earth for the first time in centuries, the giants strive to reclaim the land they once lost, forcing the young man, Jack into the battle of his life to stop them. Fighting for a kingdom, its people, and the love of a brave princess, he comes face to face with the unstoppable warriors he thought only existed in legend–and gets the chance to become a legend himself.
Title: Zog and the Flying Doctors | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Pearl and Gadabout are now a flying doctor trio, caring for creatures including a mermaid, a unicorn and a sneezy lion. However when bad weather forces them to land at the palace, Pearl is locked up by her uncle, the king.
Title: Rango | Genres: animation, comedy, family, western, adventure | Overview: When Rango, a lost family pet, accidentally winds up in the gritty, gun-slinging town of Dirt, the less-than-courageous lizard suddenly finds he stands out. Welcomed as the last hope the town has been waiting for, new Sheriff Rango is forced to play his new role to the hilt.
Title: Heaven Is for Real | Genres: drama | Overview: The true story of the 4-year old son of a small-town pastor who, during emergency surgery, slips from consciousness and enters heaven. When he awakes, he recounts his experiences on the other side.
Title: Arrival | Genres: drama, science fiction, mystery | Overview: Taking place after alien crafts land around the world, an expert linguist is recruited by the military to determine whether they come in peace or are a threat.
Title: Ambulance | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Decorated veteran Will Sharp, desperate for money to cover his wife's medical bills, asks for help from his adoptive brother Danny. A charismatic career criminal, Danny instead offers him a score: the biggest bank heist in Los Angeles history: $32 million.
Title: The Mummy | Genres: fantasy, thriller, action, adventure, horror | Overview: Though safely entombed in a crypt deep beneath the unforgiving desert, an ancient queen whose destiny was unjustly taken from her is awakened in our current day, bringing with her malevolence grown over millennia, and terrors that defy human comprehension.
Title: I Spit on Your Grave | Genres: thriller, crime, horror | Overview: Jennifer is a writer working on a new novel and, needing to get out of the city to finish it, hires a riverside apartment in upstate New York to finish her book—attracting the attention of a number of rowdy male locals.
Title: Mamma Mia! | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: An independent, single mother who owns a small hotel on a Greek island is about to marry off the spirited young daughter she's raised alone. But, the daughter has secretly invited three of her mother's ex-lovers in the hopes of finding her biological father.
Title: Prisoners | Genres: drama, thriller, crime | Overview: Keller Dover faces a parent's worst nightmare when his 6-year-old daughter, Anna, and her friend go missing. The only lead is an old motorhome that had been parked on their street. The head of the investigation, Detective Loki, arrests the driver, but a lack of evidence forces Loki to release his only suspect. Dover, knowing that his daughter's life is at stake, decides that he has no choice but to take matters into his own hands.
Title: The Final Destination | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: After a young man's premonition of a deadly race-car crash helps saves the lives of his peers, Death sets out to collect those who evaded their end.
Title: The Sword in the Stone | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Wart is a young boy who aspires to be a knight's squire. On a hunting trip he falls in on Merlin, a powerful but amnesiac wizard who has plans for him beyond mere squiredom. He starts by trying to give him an education, believing that once one has an education, one can go anywhere. Needless to say, it doesn't quite work out that way.
Title: Carrie | Genres: drama, horror, tv movie | Overview: Carrie White is a lonely and painfully shy teenage girl with telekinetic powers who is slowly pushed to the edge of insanity by frequent bullying from both classmates at her school, and her own religious, but abusive, mother.
Title: tick, tick... BOOM! | Genres: drama | Overview: On the cusp of his 30th birthday, Jonathon Larson, a promising young theater composer, navigates love, friendship, and the pressures of life as an artist in New York City.
Title: Batman: Soul of the Dragon | Genres: animation, action, adventure, crime, fantasy | Overview: Bruce Wayne faces a deadly menace from his past, with the help of three former classmates: world-renowned martial artists Richard Dragon, Ben Turner and Lady Shiva.
Title: Guardians of the Galaxy | Genres: action, science fiction, adventure | Overview: Light years from Earth, 26 years after being abducted, Peter Quill finds himself the prime target of a manhunt after discovering an orb wanted by Ronan the Accuser.
Title: After Yang | Genres: drama, science fiction | Overview: When his young daughter's beloved companion — an android named Yang — malfunctions, Jake searches for a way to repair him. In the process, Jake discovers the life that has been passing in front of him, reconnecting with his wife and daughter across a distance he didn't know was there.
Title: Wolf Children | Genres: animation, drama, family, fantasy | Overview: After her werewolf lover unexpectedly dies in an accident, a woman must find a way to raise the son and daughter that she had with him. However, their inheritance of their father's traits prove to be a challenge for her.
Title: Mirai | Genres: animation, family, fantasy, adventure, drama | Overview: The movie follows a 4-year old boy who is struggling to cope with the arrival of a little sister in the family until things turn magical. A mysterious garden in the backyard of the boy's home becomes a gateway allowing the child to travel back in time and encounter his mother as a little girl and his great-grandfather as a young man. These fantasy-filled adventures allow the child to change his perspective and help him become the big brother he was meant to be.
Title: Trolls | Genres: family, animation, fantasy, adventure, comedy, music | Overview: Lovable and friendly, the trolls love to play around. But one day, a mysterious giant shows up to end the party. Poppy, the optimistic leader of the Trolls, and her polar opposite, Branch, must embark on an adventure that takes them far beyond the only world they’ve ever known.
Title: Happy Feet Two | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Mumble the penguin has a problem: his son Erik, who is reluctant to dance, encounters The Mighty Sven, a penguin who can fly! Things get worse for Mumble when the world is shaken by powerful forces, causing him to brings together the penguin nations and their allies to set things right.
Title: Bride Wars | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Two best friends become rivals when their respective weddings are accidentally booked for the same day.
Title: Xico's Journey | Genres: animation, family | Overview: The peace of a small town is endangered when a corporation wants to destroy the mountain that protects them. A girl named Copi and her best friend Xico, a Xoloitzcuintle dog, will go into the mountains to try to save the town.
Title: Naruto: Ninja Clash in the Land of Snow | Genres: comedy, action, animation, adventure | Overview: Naruto is thrilled when he is sent on a mission to protect his favorite actress, Yukie Fujikaze, on the set of her new movie, The Adventures of Princess Gale. But when the crew ventures out to film in the icy, foreboding Land of Snow, Yukie mysteriously flees! Naruto and his squad set off to find her... unaware that three Snow Ninja lie in wait, with a sinister purpose that will force Yukie to face her hidden past!
Title: Shark Tale | Genres: animation, action, comedy, family | Overview: Oscar is a small fish whose big aspirations often get him into trouble. Meanwhile, Lenny is a great white shark with a surprising secret that no sea creature would guess: He's a vegetarian. When a lie turns Oscar into an improbable hero and Lenny becomes an outcast, the two form an unlikely friendship.
Title: The Book of Daniel | Genres: fantasy, drama | Overview: Taken into slavery after the fall of Jerusalem in 605 B.C., Daniel is forced to serve the most powerful king in the world, King Nebuchadnezzar. Faced with imminent death, Daniel proves himself a trusted Advisor and is placed among the king's wise men. Threatened by death at every turn Daniel never ceases to serve the king until he is forced to choose between serving the king or honoring God. With his life at stake, Daniel has nothing but his faith to stand between him and the lions den.
Title: The Girl Next Door | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Exceptionally ambitious high schooler Matthew has aspirations for a career in politics when he falls in love with his gorgeous 19-year-old neighbor, Danielle. But Matthew's bright future is jeopardized when he finds Danielle was once a porn star. As Danielle's past catches up with her, Matthew's love for her forces him to re-evaluate his goals.
Title: Captain America: The Winter Soldier | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: After the cataclysmic events in New York with The Avengers, Steve Rogers, aka Captain America is living quietly in Washington, D.C. and trying to adjust to the modern world. But when a S.H.I.E.L.D. colleague comes under attack, Steve becomes embroiled in a web of intrigue that threatens to put the world at risk. Joining forces with the Black Widow, Captain America struggles to expose the ever-widening conspiracy while fighting off professional assassins sent to silence him at every turn. When the full scope of the villainous plot is revealed, Captain America and the Black Widow enlist the help of a new ally, the Falcon. However, they soon find themselves up against an unexpected and formidable enemy—the Winter Soldier.
Title: Final Destination 5 | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: In this fifth installment, Death is just as omnipresent as ever, and is unleashed after one man’s premonition saves a group of coworkers from a terrifying suspension bridge collapse. But this group of unsuspecting souls was never supposed to survive, and, in a terrifying race against time, the ill-fated group frantically tries to discover a way to escape Death’s sinister agenda.
Title: Death Race: Inferno | Genres: action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Carl Lucas / Frankenstein has won four of his races and needs to win one more to win his freedom. Before his final race, Lucas and his team, car and all, are transferred to another prison where they will compete in a Death Race in the desert. Also, at the same time, Ceaser runs into a marketer who wants to franchise the Death Race program.
Title: Cencoroll Connect | Genres: animation, science fiction | Overview: Student Yuki has never seen one of the giant monsters she always hears about on the news and that threaten her city. But when she meets the lethargic Tetsu one day, things change suddenly. Because Tetsu moves around the houses with a creature called Cencoroll, which he can control with mind control and which can transform into a wide variety of objects. But not only Yuki is fascinated by Cencoroll: the boy Shu tries to take Cencoroll from Tetsu with the help of his own telepathy monster, whereupon the four engage in a bitter fight, in which Yuki also intervenes and the entire city is converted into a battle arena.
Title: Brian Banks | Genres: drama | Overview: An All-American football player's dreams to play in the NFL are halted when he is falsely accused of rape and sent to prison.
Title: Snowpiercer | Genres: action, science fiction, drama | Overview: In a future where a failed global-warming experiment kills off most life on the planet, a class system evolves aboard the Snowpiercer, a train that travels around the globe via a perpetual-motion engine.
Title: The Shining | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Jack Torrance accepts a caretaker job at the Overlook Hotel, where he, along with his wife Wendy and their son Danny, must live isolated from the rest of the world for the winter. But they aren't prepared for the madness that lurks within.
Title: Go! Go! Cory Carson: Chrissy Takes the Wheel | Genres: animation, family | Overview: From arcade games to sled days and hiccup cures, Cory Carson’s curious little sister Chrissy speeds off on her own for fun and adventure all over town!
Title: Europa Report | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: A crew of international astronauts are sent on a private mission to Jupiter's fourth moon.
Title: Rogue One: A Star Wars Story | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: A rogue band of resistance fighters unite for a mission to steal the Death Star plans and bring a new hope to the galaxy.
Title: Casino Royale | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: Le Chiffre, a banker to the world's terrorists, is scheduled to participate in a high-stakes poker game in Montenegro, where he intends to use his winnings to establish his financial grip on the terrorist market. M sends Bond—on his maiden mission as a 00 Agent—to attend this game and prevent Le Chiffre from winning. With the help of Vesper Lynd and Felix Leiter, Bond enters the most important poker game in his already dangerous career.
Title: Batman & Jesus | Genres: documentary, comedy | Overview: Was Jesus a historical person? We'll trace and compare existing evidence to modern mythology.
Title: Alvin and the Chipmunks: Chipwrecked | Genres: comedy, fantasy, family, music, animation | Overview: Playing around while aboard a cruise ship, the Chipmunks and Chipettes accidentally go overboard and end up marooned in a tropical paradise. They discover their new turf is not as deserted as it seems.
"Title: The Road to El Dorado | Genres: family, adventure, animation, comedy, action | Overview: After a failed swindle, two con-men end up with a map to El Dorado, the fabled ""city of gold,"" and an unintended trip to the New World. Much to their surprise, the map does lead the pair to the mythical city, where the startled inhabitants promptly begin to worship them as gods. The only question is, do they take the worshipful natives for all they're worth, or is there a bit more to El Dorado than riches?"
Title: Igor | Genres: animation, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: A cliché hunchbacked evil scientist's assistant aspires to become a scientist himself, much to the displeasure of the rest of the evil science community.
Title: Red Dawn | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A city in Washington state awakens to the surreal sight of foreign paratroopers dropping from the sky—shockingly, the U.S. has been invaded and their hometown is the initial target. Quickly and without warning, the citizens find themselves prisoners and their town under enemy occupation. Determined to fight back, a group of young patriots seek refuge in the surrounding woods, training and reorganizing themselves into a guerrilla group of fighters.
Title: Batman: The Dark Knight Returns, Part 2 | Genres: science fiction, action, animation, mystery | Overview: Batman has stopped the reign of terror that The Mutants had cast upon his city. Now an old foe wants a reunion and the government wants The Man of Steel to put a stop to Batman.
Title: 13 Assassins | Genres: adventure, drama, action | Overview: A bravado period action film set at the end of Japan's feudal era in which a group of unemployed samurai are enlisted to bring down a sadistic lord and prevent him from ascending to the throne and plunging the country into a war-torn future.
Title: Pearl Harbor | Genres: action, war, history, romance, drama | Overview: The lifelong friendship between Rafe McCawley and Danny Walker is put to the ultimate test when the two ace fighter pilots become entangled in a love triangle with beautiful Naval nurse Evelyn Johnson. But the rivalry between the friends-turned-foes is immediately put on hold when they find themselves at the center of Japan's devastating attack on Pearl Harbor on Dec. 7, 1941.
Title: Ray Donovan: The Movie | Genres: drama, tv movie | Overview: A showdown decades in the making brings the Donovan family legacy full circle. As the events that made Ray who he is today finally come to light, the Donovans find themselves drawn back to Boston to face the past. Each of them struggles to overcome their violent upbringing, but destiny dies hard, and only their fierce love for each other keeps them in the fight.
Title: Breathless | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: In the DR, hardened cop Manolo tries to take down an infamous drug cartel; meanwhile, his daughter has fallen in love with Lorenzo, a construction worker who's unwittingly gotten embroiled in the drug cartel's dealings.
"Title: Scary Movie 4 | Genres: comedy | Overview: Cindy finds out the house she lives in is haunted by a little boy and goes on a quest to find out who killed him and why. Also, Alien ""Tr-iPods"" are invading the world and she has to uncover the secret in order to stop them."
Title: The Mask | Genres: romance, comedy, crime, fantasy | Overview: When timid bank clerk Stanley Ipkiss discovers a magical mask containing the spirit of the Norse god Loki, his entire life changes. While wearing the mask, Ipkiss becomes a supernatural playboy exuding charm and confidence which allows him to catch the eye of local nightclub singer Tina Carlyle. Unfortunately, under the mask's influence, Ipkiss also robs a bank, which angers junior crime lord Dorian Tyrell, whose goons get blamed for the heist.
Title: Never Back Down: No Surrender | Genres: drama, action | Overview: Picking up after the events of Never Back Down 2, former MMA champion Case Walker is on the comeback trail to become champion once again.
Title: American Pie Presents: Beta House | Genres: comedy | Overview: Erik, Ryan, and Cooze start college and pledge the Beta House fraternity, presided over by none other than legendary Dwight Stifler. But chaos ensues when a fraternity of geeks threatens to stop the debauchery and the Betas have to make a stand for their right to party.
Title: The Kissing Booth 2 | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: With college decisions looming, Elle juggles her long-distance romance with Noah, changing relationship with bestie Lee and feelings for a new classmate.
Title: Hitman's Wife's Bodyguard | Genres: action, comedy, thriller | Overview: The world’s most lethal odd couple – bodyguard Michael Bryce and hitman Darius Kincaid – are back on another life-threatening mission. Still unlicensed and under scrutiny, Bryce is forced into action by Darius's even more volatile wife, the infamous international con artist Sonia Kincaid. As Bryce is driven over the edge by his two most dangerous protectees, the trio get in over their heads in a global plot and soon find that they are all that stand between Europe and a vengeful and powerful madman.
Title: House of Wax | Genres: horror, drama | Overview: A group of unwitting teens are stranded near a strange wax museum and soon must fight to survive and keep from becoming the next exhibit.
Title: 6 Underground | Genres: action, thriller, comedy | Overview: After faking his death, a tech billionaire recruits a team of international operatives for a bold and bloody mission to take down a brutal dictator.
Title: Final Destination 3 | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: A student's premonition of a deadly rollercoaster ride saves her life and a lucky few, but not from death itself – which seeks out those who escaped their fate.
Title: Ocean's Eight | Genres: crime, comedy, action | Overview: Debbie Ocean, a criminal mastermind, gathers a crew of female thieves to pull off the heist of the century at New York's annual Met Gala.
Title: Nocturnal Animals | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Susan Morrow receives a book manuscript from her ex-husband – a man she left 20 years earlier – asking for her opinion of his writing. As she reads, she is drawn into the fictional life of Tony Hastings, a mathematics professor whose family vacation turns violent.
Title: Just Say Yes | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Incurable romantic Lotte finds her life upended when her plans for a picture-perfect wedding unravel -- just as her self-absorbed sister gets engaged.
Title: Rise of the Planet of the Apes | Genres: thriller, action, drama, science fiction | Overview: A highly intelligent chimpanzee named Caeser has been living a peaceful suburban life ever since he was born. But when he gets taken to a cruel primate facility, Caeser decides to revolt against those who have harmed him.
Title: The Call of the Wild | Genres: adventure, family, drama | Overview: Buck is a big-hearted dog whose blissful domestic life is turned upside down when he is suddenly uprooted from his California home and transplanted to the exotic wilds of the Yukon during the Gold Rush of the 1890s. As the newest rookie on a mail delivery dog sled team—and later its leader—Buck experiences the adventure of a lifetime, ultimately finding his true place in the world and becoming his own master.
Title: Nightcrawler | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: When Lou Bloom, desperate for work, muscles into the world of L.A. crime journalism, he blurs the line between observer and participant to become the star of his own story. Aiding him in his effort is Nina, a TV-news veteran.
Title: Monster House | Genres: animation, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: Monsters under the bed are scary enough, but what happens when an entire house is out to get you? Three teens aim to find out when they go up against a decrepit neighboring home and unlock its frightening secrets.
Title: Insidious: The Last Key | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: Parapsychologist Elise Rainier and her team travel to Five Keys, NM, to investigate a man’s claim of a haunting. Terror soon strikes when Rainier realizes that the house he lives in was her family’s old home.
Title: Pets United | Genres: animation, family, adventure, comedy | Overview: When Roger (a Robin Hood-esque, stray dog) and Belle (an elegant yet spoilt pet cat) are thrown together amidst the chaos of a robot take-over of their home city, they must push all their preconceptions aside in order to survive, as they embark on a high-stakes, action-packed adventure.
Title: Slate | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Yeon-hee always had dreams of becoming a heroine. Now in her late 20s, she is transported from a movie set to a parallel world where she gets the chance to live her dream.
Title: Alvin and the Chipmunks | Genres: comedy, family, fantasy, animation | Overview: A struggling songwriter named Dave Seville finds success when he comes across a trio of singing chipmunks: mischievous leader Alvin, brainy Simon, and chubby, impressionable Theodore.
Title: Just a Breath Away | Genres: drama, science fiction, thriller | Overview: When a deadly mist engulfs Paris, people find refuge in the upper floors of the buildings. With no information, no electricity and hardly any supplies, Mathieu, Anna and their daughter Sarah try to survive the disaster.
Title: 28 Days Later | Genres: horror, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Twenty-eight days after a killer virus was accidentally unleashed from a British research facility, a small group of London survivors are caught in a desperate struggle to protect themselves from the infected. Carried by animals and humans, the virus turns those it infects into homicidal maniacs -- and it's absolutely impossible to contain.
Title: The Wizard of Oz | Genres: adventure, fantasy, family | Overview: Young Dorothy finds herself in a magical world where she makes friends with a lion, a scarecrow and a tin man as they make their way along the yellow brick road to talk with the Wizard and ask for the things they miss most in their lives. The Wicked Witch of the West is the only thing that could stop them.
Title: After Earth | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: One thousand years after cataclysmic events forced humanity's escape from Earth, Nova Prime has become mankind's new home. Legendary General Cypher Raige returns from an extended tour of duty to his estranged family, ready to be a father to his 13-year-old son, Kitai. When an asteroid storm damages Cypher and Kitai's craft, they crash-land on a now unfamiliar and dangerous Earth. As his father lies dying in the cockpit, Kitai must trek across the hostile terrain to recover their rescue beacon. His whole life, Kitai has wanted nothing more than to be a soldier like his father. Today, he gets his chance.
Title: Norbit | Genres: comedy | Overview: A mild-mannered guy who is engaged to a monstrous woman meets the woman of his dreams, and schemes to find a way to be with her.
Title: The Boy and the Beast | Genres: animation, fantasy, action, adventure, drama | Overview: Kyuta, a boy living in Shibuya, and Kumatetsu, a lonesome beast from Jutengai, an imaginary world. One day, Kyuta forays into the imaginary world and, as he's looking for his way back, meets Kumatetsu who becomes his spirit guide. That encounter leads them to many adventures.
Title: Dirty Grandpa | Genres: comedy | Overview: Jason Kelly is one week away from marrying his boss's uber-controlling daughter, putting him on the fast track for a partnership at the law firm. However, when the straight-laced Jason is tricked into driving his foul-mouthed grandfather, Dick, to Daytona for spring break, his pending nuptials are suddenly in jeopardy. Between riotous frat parties, bar fights, and an epic night of karaoke, Dick is on a quest to live his life to the fullest and bring Jason along for the ride.
Title: The Lion Guard: Return of the Roar | Genres: family, tv movie, animation | Overview: Set in the African savannah, the film follows Kion as he assembles the members of the 'Lion Guard'. Throughout the film, the diverse team of young animals will learn how to utilize each of their unique abilities to solve problems and accomplish tasks to maintain balance within the Circle of Life, while also introducing viewers to the vast array of animals that populate the prodigious African landscape.
Title: The Emoji Movie | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: Gene, a multi-expressional emoji, sets out on a journey to become a normal emoji.
Title: One Piece Film: GOLD | Genres: action, animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: The Straw Hat Pirates are taking on Gild Tesoro, one of the richest men in the world.
Title: Rocky IV | Genres: drama | Overview: After iron man Drago, a highly intimidating 6-foot-5, 261-pound Soviet athlete, kills Apollo Creed in an exhibition match, Rocky comes to the heart of Russia for 15 pile-driving boxing rounds of revenge.
Title: Batman: Under the Red Hood | Genres: science fiction, crime, action, animation, mystery | Overview: One part vigilante, one part criminal kingpin, Red Hood begins cleaning up Gotham with the efficiency of Batman, but without following the same ethical code.
Title: Brother Bear 2 | Genres: adventure, animation, family | Overview: Kenai finds his childhood human friend Nita and the two embark on a journey to burn the amulet he gave to her before he was a bear, much to Koda's dismay.
Title: Scream 3 | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: As bodies begin dropping around the set of ‘Stab 3’, a movie sequel based on the gruesome Woodsboro killings, Sidney and other survivors are once again drawn into a game of horror movie mayhem.
Title: Chicken Run | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Having been hopelessly repressed and facing eventual certain death at the British chicken farm where they are held, Ginger the chicken along with the help of Rocky the American rooster decide to rebel and lead their fellow chickens in a great escape from the murderous farmers Mr. and Mrs. Tweedy and their farm of doom.
Title: The Doorman | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A former Marine turned doorman at a luxury New York City high-rise must outsmart and battle a group of art thieves and their ruthless leader — while struggling to protect her sister's family. As the thieves become increasingly desperate and violent, the doorman calls upon her deadly fighting skills to end the showdown.
Title: Maya the Bee: The Golden Orb | Genres: adventure, animation, family | Overview: When Maya, a headstrong little bee, and her best friend Willi, rescue an ant princess they find themselves in the middle of an epic bug battle that will take them to strange new worlds and test their friendship to its limits.
Title: Jaws | Genres: horror, thriller, adventure | Overview: When an insatiable great white shark terrorizes the townspeople of Amity Island, the police chief, an oceanographer and a grizzled shark hunter seek to destroy the blood-thirsty beast.
Title: Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action, comedy, family | Overview: Hapless museum night watchman Larry Daley must help his living, breathing exhibit friends out of a pickle now that they've been transferred to the archives at the Smithsonian Institution. Larry's (mis)adventures this time include close encounters with Amelia Earhart, Abe Lincoln and Ivan the Terrible.
Title: Dragonball Evolution | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, science fiction, thriller | Overview: The young warrior Son Goku sets out on a quest, racing against time and the vengeful King Piccolo, to collect a set of seven magical orbs that will grant their wielder unlimited power.
"Title: Sharkdog’s Fintastic Halloween | Genres: animation, fantasy, family | Overview: The Sharkpack gets ready for Halloween with the spooky legend of the ""Fearsome Fog"" — and Sharkdog must save trick-or-treating from a slimy sea monster!"
Title: The Call | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: Jordan Turner is an experienced 911 operator but when she makes an error in judgment and a call ends badly, Jordan is rattled and unsure if she can continue. But when teenager Casey Welson is abducted in the back of a man's car and calls 911, Jordan is the one called upon to use all of her experience, insights and quick thinking to help Casey escape, and not just to save her, but to make sure the man is brought to justice.
Title: Mariposa | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: New student Acha falls for Iqbal, a high-achieving student who's torn between love and family pressure.
Title: Bad Boys | Genres: action, comedy, crime, thriller | Overview: Marcus Burnett is a hen-pecked family man. Mike Lowry is a foot-loose and fancy free ladies' man. Both are Miami policemen, and both have 72 hours to reclaim a consignment of drugs stolen from under their station's nose. To complicate matters, in order to get the assistance of the sole witness to a murder, they have to pretend to be each other.
Title: Sijjin 6 | Genres: horror | Overview: Turkish villagers (mostly) being under the spell of BLACK MAGIC which is put up on them by a hater in the close or far families that makes them being suffered and trified by the Djins (very Bad Kind of Wicked Devil Among Muslims Coming from Their Holly Book Quran) They have to now look for clues and exorcists to help them run away from it or defeat it.
Title: The Mermaid | Genres: comedy, fantasy, romance | Overview: A playboy business tycoon, Liu Xuan, purchases the Green Gulf, a wildlife reserve, for a sea reclamation project, and uses sonar technology to get rid of the sea life in the area. Unknown to him, the Green Gulf is the home of merpeople, and the sonar has caused many of them to succumb to illness or die. Xuan's business ventures in the area are threatened when he crosses paths with the mermaid, Shan, who is sent to avenge her people.
Title: My Neighbor Totoro | Genres: fantasy, animation, family | Overview: Two sisters move to the country with their father in order to be closer to their hospitalized mother, and discover the surrounding trees are inhabited by Totoros, magical spirits of the forest. When the youngest runs away from home, the older sister seeks help from the spirits to find her.
Title: Men in Black | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, science fiction | Overview: After a police chase with an otherworldly being, a New York City cop is recruited as an agent in a top-secret organization established to monitor and police alien activity on Earth: the Men in Black. Agent Kay and new recruit Agent Jay find themselves in the middle of a deadly plot by an intergalactic terrorist who has arrived on Earth to assassinate two ambassadors from opposing galaxies.
Title: El Infierno | Genres: drama, crime, comedy | Overview: Benjamin Garcia, Benny is deported from the United States. Back home and against a bleak picture, Benny gets involved in the drug business, in which he has for the first time in his life, a spectacular rise surrounded by money, women, violence and fun. But very soon he will discover that criminal life does not always keep its promises.
Title: Ong Bak: Muay Thai Warrior | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: When the head of a statue sacred to a village is stolen, a young martial artist goes to the big city and finds himself taking on the underworld to retrieve it.
Title: The Beverly Hillbillies | Genres: comedy | Overview: Jed Clampett and kin move from Arkansas to Beverly Hills when he becomes a billionaire, after an oil strike. The country folk are very naive with regard to life in the big city, so when Jed starts a search for a new wife there are inevitably plenty of takers and con artists ready to make a fast buck
Title: Alien | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: During its return to the earth, commercial spaceship Nostromo intercepts a distress signal from a distant planet. When a three-member team of the crew discovers a chamber containing thousands of eggs on the planet, a creature inside one of the eggs attacks an explorer. The entire crew is unaware of the impending nightmare set to descend upon them when the alien parasite planted inside its unfortunate host is birthed.
Title: Fantastic Four | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Four young outsiders teleport to a dangerous universe, which alters their physical form in shocking ways. Their lives irrevocably upended, the team must learn to harness their daunting new abilities and work together to save Earth from a former friend turned enemy.
Title: The Curse of La Llorona | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A social worker dealing with the disappearance of two children fears for her own family after beginning the investigation.
Title: Den of Thieves | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: A gritty crime saga which follows the lives of an elite unit of the LA County Sheriff's Dept. and the state's most successful bank robbery crew as the outlaws plan a seemingly impossible heist on the Federal Reserve Bank.
"Title: Home on the Range | Genres: animation, family | Overview: When a greedy outlaw schemes to take possession of the ""Patch Of Heaven"" dairy farm, three determined cows, a karate-kicking stallion and a colorful corral of critters join forces to save their home. The stakes are sky-high as this unlikely animal alliance risk their hides and match wits with a mysterious band of bad guys."
Title: Pulp Fiction | Genres: thriller, crime | Overview: A burger-loving hit man, his philosophical partner, a drug-addled gangster's moll and a washed-up boxer converge in this sprawling, comedic crime caper. Their adventures unfurl in three stories that ingeniously trip back and forth in time.
Title: The Other Guys | Genres: comedy, action, crime | Overview: Unlike their heroic counterparts on the force, desk-bound NYPD detectives Gamble and Hoitz garner no headlines as they work day to day. When a seemingly minor case turns out to be a big deal, the two cops get the opportunity to finally prove to their comrades that they have the right stuff.
Title: Soul Surfer | Genres: family, drama | Overview: The true story of teen surfer Bethany Hamilton, who lost her arm in a shark attack and courageously overcame all odds to become a champion again, through her sheer determination and unwavering faith.
Title: Bāhubali: The Beginning | Genres: action, drama | Overview: The young Shivudu is left as a foundling in a small village by his mother. By the time he’s grown up, it has become apparent that he possesses exceptional gifts. He meets the beautiful warrior princess Avanthika and learns that her queen has been held captive for the last 25 years. Shividu sets off to rescue her, discovering his own origins in the process.
Title: Pokémon the Movie: The Power of Us | Genres: animation, family, adventure, fantasy | Overview: A young athlete whose running days might be behind her, a compulsive liar, a shy researcher, a bitter old woman, and a little girl with a big secret—the only thing they have in common is the annual Wind Festival in Fula City. The festival celebrates the Legendary Pokémon Lugia, who brings the wind that powers this seaside city. When a series of threats endangers not just the festival, but all the people and Pokémon of Fula City, it’ll take more than just Satoshi and Pikachu to save the day! Can everyone put aside their differences and work together—or will it all end in destruction?
Title: Schindler's List | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: The true story of how businessman Oskar Schindler saved over a thousand Jewish lives from the Nazis while they worked as slaves in his factory during World War II.
Title: Noah | Genres: drama, adventure | Overview: A man who suffers visions of an apocalyptic deluge takes measures to protect his family from the coming flood.
Title: The Three Stooges | Genres: comedy | Overview: While trying to save their childhood orphanage, Moe, Larry and Curly inadvertently stumble into a murder plot and wind up starring in a reality TV show.
Title: The Polar Express | Genres: animation, family, adventure, fantasy, comedy | Overview: When a doubting young boy takes an extraordinary train ride to the North Pole, he embarks on a journey of self-discovery that shows him that the wonder of life never fades for those who believe.
Title: Pokémon the Movie: Hoopa and the Clash of Ages | Genres: family, adventure, animation, action, fantasy | Overview: Ash, Pikachu, and their friends come to a desert city by the sea. Here they meet the Mythical Pokémon Hoopa, which has the ability to summon things—including people and Pokémon—through its magic rings. After a scary incident, they learn of a story about a brave hero who stopped the rampage of a terrifying Pokémon long ago. Now, the threat that has been bottled up for years is in danger of breaking loose again.
Title: Tall Girl | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Jodi, the tallest girl in her high school, has always felt uncomfortable in her own skin. But after years of slouching, being made fun of, and avoiding attention at all costs, Jodi finally decides to find the confidence to stand tall.
Title: Shutter Island | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: World War II soldier-turned-U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels investigates the disappearance of a patient from a hospital for the criminally insane, but his efforts are compromised by his troubling visions and also by a mysterious doctor.
Title: Seed of Chucky | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: This time around, Chucky and his homicidal honey, Tiffany, are brought back to life by their orphan offspring, Glen. Then the horror goes Hollywood as Chucky unleashes his own brand of murderous mayhem!
Title: House of the Witch | Genres: horror, tv movie | Overview: A group of high-school kids set out to play a Halloween prank at an abandoned house, but once they enter they become victims of a demonic witch who has set her wrath upon them.
Title: Freaks | Genres: science fiction, thriller, drama, mystery | Overview: Kept locked inside the house by her father, 7-year-old Chloe lives in fear and fascination of the outside world, where Abnormals create a constant threat—or so she believes. When a mysterious stranger offers her a glimpse of what's really happening outside, Chloe soon finds that while the truth isn't so simple, the danger is very real.
Title: Mulan II | Genres: animation, comedy, family, action | Overview: Fa Mulan gets the surprise of her young life when her love, Captain Li Shang asks for her hand in marriage. Before the two can have their happily ever after, the Emperor assigns them a secret mission, to escort three princesses to Chang'an, China. Mushu is determined to drive a wedge between the couple after he learns that he will lose his guardian job if Mulan marries into the Li family.
Title: Madres | Genres: horror | Overview: A Mexican-American couple expecting their first child relocate to a migrant farming community in 1970's California. When the wife begins to experience strange symptoms and terrifying visions, she tries to determine if it's related to a legendary curse or something more nefarious
Title: Instructions for Su | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Su, a woman whose friends are only men, finds herself forced to follow a series of absurd instructions to overcome the unexpected death of her fiancé.
Title: Kick-Ass | Genres: action, crime | Overview: Dave Lizewski is an unnoticed high school student and comic book fan who one day decides to become a super-hero, even though he has no powers, training or meaningful reason to do so.
"Title: Enchanted | Genres: comedy, family, fantasy, romance | Overview: The beautiful princess Giselle is banished by an evil queen from her magical, musical animated land and finds herself in the gritty reality of the streets of modern-day Manhattan. Shocked by this strange new environment that doesn't operate on a ""happily ever after"" basis, Giselle is now adrift in a chaotic world badly in need of enchantment. But when Giselle begins to fall in love with a charmingly flawed divorce lawyer who has come to her aid - even though she is already promised to a perfect fairy tale prince back home - she has to wonder: Can a storybook view of romance survive in the real world?"
Title: The Watch | Genres: comedy, action, science fiction | Overview: Four everyday suburban guys come together as an excuse to escape their humdrum lives one night a week. But when they accidentally discover that their town has become overrun with aliens posing as ordinary suburbanites, they have no choice but to save their neighborhood - and the world - from total extermination.
Title: Sex and Lucía | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Various lives converge on an isolated island, all connected by an author whose novel has become inextricably entwined with his own life.
Title: Final Destination 2 | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: When Kimberly has a violent premonition of a highway pileup she blocks the freeway, keeping a few others meant to die, safe...Or are they? The survivors mysteriously start dying and it's up to Kimberly to stop it before she's next.
Title: Flipped | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: When Juli meets Bryce in the second grade, she knows it's true love. After spending six years trying to convince Bryce the same, she's ready to give up - until he starts to reconsider.
Title: Naruto: Guardians of the Crescent Moon Kingdom | Genres: adventure, animation, action | Overview: Naruto Uzumaki, Kakashi Hatake, Sakura Haruno, and Rock Lee are assigned to protect the prince of the Land of the Moon, Michiru, during his world trip; other escorts had been hired, but quit due to being treated poorly. The Land of the Moon is a very wealthy nation, so Michiru tends to buy whatever he wants, and has a very materialistic worldview. His Hikaru, also acts in much the same manner.
Title: Seeking Justice | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: After his wife is assaulted, a husband enlists the services of a vigilante group to help him settle the score.
Title: The Losers | Genres: action, adventure, crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: A tale of double cross and revenge, centered upon the members of an elite U.S. Special Forces unit sent into the Bolivian jungle on a search and destroy mission. The team-Clay, Jensen, Roque, Pooch and Cougar -find themselves the target of a lethal betrayal instigated from inside by a powerful enemy known only as Max. Presumed dead, the group makes plans to even the score when they're joined by the mysterious Aisha, a beautiful operative with her own agenda. Working together, they must remain deep undercover while tracking the heavily-guarded Max, a ruthless man bent on embroiling the world in a new high-tech global war.
Title: Together Together | Genres: comedy | Overview: When young loner Anna is hired as the surrogate for Matt, a single man in his 40s, the two strangers come to realize this unexpected relationship will quickly challenge their perceptions of connection, boundaries and the particulars of love.
Title: He's Just Not That Into You | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: Remember that really cute girl/guy who said they'd call – and didn't? Maybe they lost your number. Maybe they're in the hospital. Maybe they're awed by your looks, brains or success. Or maybe... They're just not that into you.
Title: The Man from Nowhere | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: His only friend called him 'the man from nowhere'... Taesik, a former special agent becomes a loner after losing his wife in a miserable accident and lives a bitter life running a pawnshop. He only has a few customers and a friend named Somi, a little girl next door. As Taesik spends more and more time with Somi, he gets attached to her. Then Somi is kidnapped by a gang, and as Taesik tries to save Somi by becoming deeply associated with the gang his mysterious past is revealed...
Title: Ocean's Thirteen | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: Danny Ocean's team of criminals are back and composing a plan more personal than ever. When ruthless casino owner Willy Bank doublecrosses Reuben Tishkoff, causing a heart attack, Danny Ocean vows that he and his team will do anything to bring down Willy Bank along with everything he's got. Even if it means asking for help from an enemy.
Title: Paranormal Activity | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: After a young, middle-class couple moves into what seems like a typical suburban house, they become increasingly disturbed by a presence that may or may not be demonic but is certainly the most active in the middle of the night. Followed by five terrifying installments in the franchise, this is the original found-footage shocker that started it all.
Title: Extraction | Genres: drama, action, thriller | Overview: Tyler Rake, a fearless mercenary who offers his services on the black market, embarks on a dangerous mission when he is hired to rescue the kidnapped son of a Mumbai crime lord.
Title: Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel | Genres: comedy, family, animation, fantasy, music | Overview: Pop sensations Alvin, Simon and Theodore end up in the care of Dave Seville's twenty-something nephew Toby. The boys must put aside music super stardom to return to school, and are tasked with saving the school's music program by winning the $25,000 prize in a battle of the bands. But the Chipmunks unexpectedly meet their match in three singing chipmunks known as The Chipettes - Brittany, Eleanor and Jeanette. Romantic and musical sparks are ignited when the Chipmunks and Chipettes square off.
Title: The Match | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Inspired by true events from the spring of 1944 when the Nazis organized a football match between a team of camp inmates and an elite Nazi team on Adolf Hitler's birthday. A match the prisoners are determined to win, no matter what happens.
Title: The Hating Game | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Resolving to achieve professional success without compromising her ethics, Lucy embarks on a ruthless game of one-upmanship against cold and efficient nemesis Joshua, a rivalry that is complicated by her growing attraction to him.
Title: Mechanic: Resurrection | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Arthur Bishop thought he had put his murderous past behind him when his most formidable foe kidnaps the love of his life. Now he is forced to travel the globe to complete three impossible assassinations, and do what he does best, make them look like accidents.
Title: A Dog Named Palma | Genres: family, romance | Overview: The film is inspired by an incredible story of a shepherd dog named Palm who was inadvertently left in the airport by her owner. She befriends nine-year old Nicholas whose mother dies leaving him with a father he barely knows - a pilot who finds the dog at the airport. It's a story of amazing adventures, true friendship and unconditional love.
Title: Pretty Woman | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: When a millionaire wheeler-dealer enters a business contract with a Hollywood hooker Vivian Ward, he loses his heart in the bargain.
Title: Warcraft | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: The peaceful realm of Azeroth stands on the brink of war as its civilization faces a fearsome race of invaders: orc warriors fleeing their dying home to colonize another. As a portal opens to connect the two worlds, one army faces destruction and the other faces extinction. From opposing sides, two heroes are set on a collision course that will decide the fate of their family, their people, and their home.
Title: Dora and the Lost City of Gold | Genres: adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Dora, a girl who has spent most of her life exploring the jungle with her parents, now must navigate her most dangerous adventure yet: high school. Always the explorer, Dora quickly finds herself leading Boots (her best friend, a monkey), Diego, and a rag tag group of teens on an adventure to save her parents and solve the impossible mystery behind a lost Inca civilization.
Title: Aliens vs Predator: Requiem | Genres: fantasy, action, science fiction, thriller, horror | Overview: The iconic creatures from two of the scariest film franchises in movie history wage their most brutal battle ever—in our own backyard. The small town of Gunnison, Colorado becomes a war zone between two of the deadliest extra-terrestrial life forms—the Alien and the Predator. When a Predator scout ship crash-lands in the hills outside the town, Alien Facehuggers and a hybrid Alien/Predator are released and begin to terrorize the town.
Title: Tod@s Caen | Genres: comedy | Overview: A pair of seducers try to prove who has the best techniques while trying not to fall in love with each other.
Title: The Addams Family | Genres: family, animation, comedy | Overview: The Addams family's lives begin to unravel when they face-off against a treacherous, greedy crafty reality-TV host while also preparing for their extended family to arrive for a major celebration.
Title: The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl | Genres: adventure, family, science fiction | Overview: Everyone always knew that Max had a wild imagination, but no one believed that his wildest creations -- a boy raised by watchful great white sharks and a girl with the force of a volcano -- were real. Now, these two pint-sized action masters will show Max that even an ordinary kid has what it takes to be extraordinary.
Title: Sicario: Day of the Soldado | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Agent Matt Graver teams up with operative Alejandro Gillick to prevent Mexican drug cartels from smuggling terrorists across the United States border.
Title: Wotakoi: Love is Hard for Otaku | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: An effervescent musical about one of the most unlikely couples seen on screen: two Otaku intent on hiding their nerdiness from their colleagues!
Title: The Last Witch Hunter | Genres: fantasy, action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: The modern world holds many secrets, but by far the most astounding is that witches still live among us; vicious supernatural creatures intent on unleashing the Black Death upon the world and putting an end to the human race once and for all. Armies of witch hunters have battled this unnatural enemy for centuries, including Kaulder, a valiant warrior who many years ago slayed the all-powerful Witch Queen, decimating her followers in the process. In the moments right before her death, the Queen cursed Kaulder with immortality, forever separating him from his beloved wife and daughter. Today, Kaulder is the last living hunter who has spent his immortal life tracking down rogue witches, all the while yearning for his long-lost family.
Title: Hannah Montana: The Movie | Genres: comedy, drama, family, music, romance | Overview: When Miley Stewart (aka pop-star Hannah Montana) gets too caught up in the superstar celebrity lifestyle, her dad decides it's time for a total change of scenery. But sweet niblets! Miley must trade in all the glitz and glamour of Hollywood for some ol' blue jeans on the family farm in Tennessee, and question if she can be both Miley Stewart and Hannah Montana.
Title: Chunin Exam on Fire! and Naruto vs. Konohamaru! | Genres: animation, action | Overview: Naruto faces off against his old pupil Konohamaru in a tournament during the chuunin entrance exams.
Title: Princess Protection Program | Genres: family, tv movie, comedy, drama | Overview: When her nation is invaded, a young princess is taken into the Princess Protection Program. She is relocated to Louisiana, where she stays with a covert agent and his tomboyish daughter, and must learn how to behave like an ordinary teenager.
Title: Spider-Man 2 | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Peter Parker is going through a major identity crisis. Burned out from being Spider-Man, he decides to shelve his superhero alter ego, which leaves the city suffering in the wake of carnage left by the evil Doc Ock. In the meantime, Parker still can't act on his feelings for Mary Jane Watson, a girl he's loved since childhood. A certain anger begins to brew in his best friend Harry Osborn as well...
"Title: How I Fell in Love with a Gangster | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: A mysterious woman recounts the rise and fall of Nikodem ""Nikoś"" Skotarczak, one of the biggest gangsters in Poland's history. Inspired by a true story."
Title: Sex and the City 2 | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Carrie, Charlotte, and Miranda are all married now, but they're still up for a little fun in the sun. When Samantha gets the chance to visit one of the most extravagant vacation destinations on the planet and offers to bring them all along, they surmise that a women-only retreat may be the perfect excuse to eschew their responsibilities and remember what life was like before they decided to settle down.
Title: The 5th Wave | Genres: science fiction, adventure, action | Overview: 16-year-old Cassie Sullivan tries to survive in a world devastated by the waves of an alien invasion that has already decimated the population and knocked mankind back to the Stone Age.
Title: Seventh Son | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: John Gregory, who is a seventh son of a seventh son and also the local spook, has protected the country from witches, boggarts, ghouls and all manner of things that go bump in the night. However John is not young anymore, and has been seeking an apprentice to carry on his trade. Most have failed to survive. The last hope is a young farmer's son named Thomas Ward. Will he survive the training to become the spook that so many others couldn't?
Title: Saw IV | Genres: horror, thriller, crime | Overview: Jigsaw and his apprentice Amanda are dead. Now, upon the news of Detective Kerry's murder, two seasoned FBI profilers, Agent Strahm and Agent Perez, arrive in the terrified community to assist the veteran Detective Hoffman in sifting through Jigsaw's latest grisly remains and piecing together the puzzle. However, when SWAT Commander Rigg is abducted and thrust into a game, the last officer untouched by Jigsaw has but ninety minutes to overcome a series of demented traps and save an old friend...or face the deadly consequences.
Title: The Ten Commandments: The Movie | Genres: drama | Overview: Follows Moses leading and conducting the Hebrew people from the slavery of Egypt to the freedom towards the Promised Land according to the Ancient Testament Bible book of the Exodus. The story told like never before is faithful to the Scriptures.
Title: Saw III | Genres: horror, thriller, crime | Overview: Jigsaw has disappeared. Along with his new apprentice Amanda, the puppet-master behind the cruel, intricate games that have terrified a community and baffled police has once again eluded capture and vanished. While city detective scramble to locate him, Doctor Lynn Denlon and Jeff Reinhart are unaware that they are about to become the latest pawns on his vicious chessboard.
Title: R.I.P.D. | Genres: fantasy, action, comedy, crime | Overview: A recently slain cop joins a team of undead police officers working for the Rest in Peace Department and tries to find the man who murdered him. Based on the comic by Peter M. Lenkov.
Title: Kuroko's Basketball the Movie: Last Game | Genres: animation | Overview: Shortly after the Inter-High of Kagami and Kuroko's second-year, a street basketball team from the USA called Team Jabberwock came to Japan to play a friendly match against a Japanese college-level street basketball team, Team Strky. Despite their best efforts, Strky is brutally crushed by Jabberwock. After the match, the Jabberwock players insult the players from Strky and all of Japanese basketball, claiming Strky's basketball was at the same level as monkeys and telling the players and crowds to quit playing basketball and kill themselves. As a revenge match, Kagetora assembles a dream team of all members of Generation of Miracles plus Kuroko Tetsuya and Kagami Taiga, along with bench players Hyūga Junpei, Takao Kazunari, and Wakamatsu Kōsuke, forming Team Vorpal Swords, with the hopes of reclaiming the pride of Japanese basketball.
Title: War Room | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The family-friendly movie explores the transformational role prayer plays in the lives of the Jordan family. Tony and Elizabeth Jordan, a middle-class couple who seemingly have it all – great jobs, a beautiful daughter, their dream home. But appearances can be deceiving. In reality, the Jordan’s marriage has become a war zone and their daughter is collateral damage. With the help of Miss Clara, an older, wiser woman, Elizabeth discovers she can start fighting for her family instead of against them. Through a newly energized faith, Elizabeth and Tony’s real enemy doesn’t have a prayer.
Title: Kizumonogatari Part 3: Reiketsu | Genres: animation, fantasy, mystery | Overview: With help from Meme Oshino, the apparition specialist, Koyomi defeats the three powerful vampire hunters: Dramaturgy, Episode and Guillotinecutter. Koyomi takes back all the limbs of Kiss-shot Acerola-orion Heart-under-blade in order to become a human again.
Title: The Hand of God | Genres: drama | Overview: In 1980s Naples, Italy, an awkward Italian teen struggling to find his place experiences heartbreak and liberation after he's inadvertently saved from a freak accident by football legend Diego Maradona.
Title: Legally Blondes | Genres: comedy | Overview: Moving from England to California, the youngest cousins of Elle Woods must defend themselves when their schools reigning forces turn on the girls and try to frame them for a crime.
"Title: Treasure Planet | Genres: adventure, animation, family, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: When space galleon cabin boy Jim Hawkins discovers a map to an intergalactic ""loot of a thousand worlds,"" a cyborg cook named John Silver teaches him to battle supernovas and space storms. But, soon, Jim realizes Silver is a pirate intent on mutiny!"
Title: LEGO Monkie Kid: A Hero Is Born | Genres: animation, tv movie, action, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Monkey King comes to life as a young boy named MK, obsessed with the legends of old, discovers Monkey King's magical staff. After witnessing Red Son and Princess Iron Fan release the Demon Bull King from his prison under the mountain, MK accidentally grabs Monkey King’s magical staff and escapes, sending him on a journey to return the staff to Monkey King in order for him to save the day.
Title: Hereditary | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: When Ellen, the matriarch of the Graham family, passes away, her daughter's family begins to unravel cryptic and increasingly terrifying secrets about their ancestry.
Title: Flora & Ulysses | Genres: family, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: When Flora rescues a squirrel she names Ulysses, she is amazed to discover he possesses unique superhero powers, which take them on an adventure of humorous complications that ultimately change Flora's life--and her outlook--forever.
Title: Here Today | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Veteran comedy writer Charlie Berns, who is slowly but surely losing his grip on reality, befriends a talented young New York street singer Emma Payge. Together, they form an unlikely yet hilarious and touching friendship that kicks the generation gap aside and redefines the meaning of love and trust.
Title: The Babysitter: Killer Queen | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: Two years after defeating a satanic cult led by his babysitter Bee, Cole's trying to forget his past and focus on surviving high school. But when old enemies unexpectedly return, Cole will once again have to outsmart the forces of evil.
Title: Evil Dead | Genres: horror | Overview: Mia, a young woman struggling with sobriety, heads to a remote cabin with a group of friends where the discovery of a Book of the Dead unwittingly summon up dormant demons which possess the youngsters one-by-one.
Title: Machete | Genres: action, comedy, thriller | Overview: After being set-up and betrayed by the man who hired him to assassinate a Texas Senator, an ex-Federale launches a brutal rampage of revenge against his former boss.
Title: Sputnik | Genres: science fiction, drama, horror | Overview: At the height of the Cold War, a Soviet spacecraft crash lands after a mission gone awry, leaving the commander as its only survivor. After a renowned Russian psychologist is brought in to evaluate the commander’s mental state, it becomes clear that something dangerous may have come back to Earth with him…
Title: Hunter Killer | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Captain Glass of the USS Arkansas discovers that a coup d'état is taking place in Russia, so he and his crew join an elite group working on the ground to prevent a war.
Title: Ballerina | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Set in 1879 Paris. An orphan girl dreams of becoming a ballerina and flees her rural Brittany for Paris, where she passes for someone else and accedes to the position of pupil at the Grand Opera house.
Title: Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action, thriller | Overview: The Fantastic Four return to the big screen as a new and all powerful enemy threatens the Earth. The seemingly unstoppable 'Silver Surfer', but all is not what it seems and there are old and new enemies that pose a greater threat than the intrepid superheroes realize.
Title: Flashback | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: Frederick Fitzell is living his best life—until he starts having horrific visions of Cindy, a girl who vanished in high school. After reaching out to old friends with whom he used to take a mystery drug called Mercury, Fredrick realizes the only way to stop the visions lies deep within his own memories, so he embarks on a terrifying mental odyssey to learn the truth.
Title: Friends with Benefits | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Dylan and Jamie think it's going to be easy to add the simple act of sex to their friendship, despite what Hollywood romantic comedies would have them believe. They soon discover however that getting physical really does always lead to complications.
Title: War of Likes | Genres: comedy | Overview: In order to advance her career in the dynamic world of publicity in Mexico City, Raquel tries to reunite with her high school friend Cecy who has become the queen of social media. But unlike followers, friendships do not come instantly.
Title: Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, family, science fiction | Overview: After supervillain Shredder escapes custody, he joins forces with mad scientist Baxter Stockman and two dimwitted henchmen, Bebop and Rocksteady, to unleash a diabolical plan to take over the world. As the Turtles prepare to take on Shredder and his new crew, they find themselves facing an even greater evil with similar intentions: the notorious Krang.
Title: The Revenant | Genres: western, drama, adventure | Overview: In the 1820s, a frontiersman, Hugh Glass, sets out on a path of vengeance against those who left him for dead after a bear mauling.
Title: The Fault in Our Stars | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Despite the tumor-shrinking medical miracle that has bought her a few years, Hazel has never been anything but terminal, her final chapter inscribed upon diagnosis. But when a patient named Augustus Waters suddenly appears at Cancer Kid Support Group, Hazel's story is about to be completely rewritten.
Title: School-Live! | Genres: horror, action | Overview: Ebisuzawa Kurumi, Takeya Yuki, Wakasa Yuri, and Naoki Miki all attend the same high school. They also live on campus at the school. The girls enjoy their time at the school until students become infected by a virus and turn into zombies. The girls are surrounded by student zombies and they struggle desperately to survive.
"Title: Ella Enchanted | Genres: family, fantasy, comedy | Overview: Ella lives in a magical world in which each child, at the moment of their birth, is given a virtuous ""gift"" from a fairy godmother. Ella's so-called gift, however, is obedience. This birthright proves itself to be quite the curse once Ella finds herself in the hands of several unscrupulous characters whom she quite literally cannot disobey. Determined to gain control of her life and decisions, Ella sets off on a journey to find her fairy godmother who she hopes will lift the curse. The path, however, isn't easy -- Ella must outwit a slew of unpleasant obstacles including ogres, giants, wicked stepsisters, elves and Prince Charmont's evil uncle, who wants to take over the crown and rule the kingdom."
Title: Dead Heat | Genres: action, horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: LAPD police officer, Roger Mortis is killed while arresting zombies who have been reanimated by the head of Dante Laboratories in order to carry out violent armed robberies.
Title: Dumb and Dumber To | Genres: comedy | Overview: 20 years since their first adventure, Lloyd and Harry go on a road trip to find Harry's newly discovered daughter, who was given up for adoption.
Title: Tinker Bell and the Pirate Fairy | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Zarina, a smart and ambitious dust-keeper fairy who’s captivated by Blue Pixie Dust and its endless possibilities, flees Pixie Hollow and joins forces with the scheming pirates of Skull Rock, who make her captain of their ship. Tinker Bell and her friends must embark on an epic adventure to find Zarina, and together they go sword-to-sword with the band of pirates led by a cabin boy named James, who’ll soon be known as Captain Hook himself.
Title: Tropic Thunder | Genres: action, comedy, adventure, war | Overview: Ben Stiller, Jack Black and Robert Downey Jr. lead an ensemble cast in 'Tropic Thunder,' an action comedy about a group of self-absorbed actors who set out to make the most expensive war film. After ballooning costs force the studio to cancel the movie, the frustrated director refuses to stop shooting, leading his cast into the jungles of Southeast Asia, where they encounter real bad guys.
Title: Super Monsters: Once Upon a Rhyme | Genres: animation | Overview: From Goldilocks to Hansel and Gretel, the Super Monsters reimagine classic fairy tales and favorite nursery rhymes with a musical, magical spin!
Title: The Last Survivors | Genres: horror, thriller, action | Overview: In the near future, society collapses and water becomes scarce. When a greedy water baron starts violently clearing out survivors, Kendal, a 17-year-old teenager, fights the baron's henchman to keep a well open.
"Title: Ghostbusters | Genres: comedy, fantasy | Overview: After losing their academic posts at a prestigious university, a team of parapsychologists goes into business as proton-pack-toting ""ghostbusters"" who exterminate ghouls, hobgoblins and supernatural pests of all stripes. An ad campaign pays off when a knockout cellist hires the squad to purge her swanky digs of demons that appear to be living in her refrigerator."
Title: The Mad Women's Ball | Genres: drama, thriller, history | Overview: Eugenie has a unique gift: she hears and sees the dead. When her family discovers her secret, at the end of the 19th century, she is taken by her father and brother to the neurological clinic at La Pitié Salpêtrière with no possibility of escaping her fate. Her destiny becomes entwined with that of Geneviève, a nurse at the hospital.
Title: The Jungle Book | Genres: family, adventure, drama, fantasy | Overview: A man-cub named Mowgli fostered by wolves. After a threat from the tiger Shere Khan, Mowgli is forced to flee the jungle, by which he embarks on a journey of self discovery with the help of the panther, Bagheera and the free-spirited bear, Baloo.
Title: Naruto to Boruto: The Live 2019 | Genres: documentary | Overview: “NARUTO to BORUTO THE LIVE 2019”, a special event for the 20th anniversary of the first publication of “NARUTO” series in Weekly Shonen Jump!! Featuring live performances by artists performing the theme songs of both “NARUTO” and “BORUTO: NARUTO NEXT GENERATIONS”, anime cast members reading original story episodes, and more.
Title: Snow White and the Huntsman | Genres: adventure, fantasy, drama | Overview: After the Evil Queen marries the King, she performs a violent coup in which the King is murdered and his daughter, Snow White, is taken captive. Almost a decade later, a grown Snow White is still in the clutches of the Queen. In order to obtain immortality, The Evil Queen needs the heart of Snow White. After Snow escapes the castle, the Queen sends the Huntsman to find her in the Dark Forest.
Title: The Princess Switch 3: Romancing the Star | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: A priceless relic is stolen from identical royals Queen Margaret and Princess Stacy, who enlist the help of their sketchy look-alike cousin Fiona Pembroke to retrieve it.
"Title: The Interview | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Dave Skylark and his producer Aaron Rapaport run the celebrity tabloid show ""Skylark Tonight"". When they land an interview with a surprise fan, North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un, they are recruited by the CIA to turn their trip to Pyongyang into an assassination mission."
Title: Marley & Me | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: A newly married couple who, in the process of starting a family, learn many of life's important lessons from their trouble-loving retriever, Marley. Packed with plenty of laughs to lighten the load, the film explores the highs and lows of marriage, maturity and confronting one's own mortality, as seen through the lens of family life with a dog.
Title: The Blind Side | Genres: drama | Overview: The story of Michael Oher, a homeless and traumatized boy who became an All American football player and first round NFL draft pick with the help of a caring woman and her family.
Title: The Imitation Game | Genres: history, drama, thriller, war | Overview: Based on the real life story of legendary cryptanalyst Alan Turing, the film portrays the nail-biting race against time by Turing and his brilliant team of code-breakers at Britain's top-secret Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park, during the darkest days of World War II.
"Title: Truth or Dare | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A harmless game of ""Truth or Dare"" among friends turns deadly when someone—or something—begins to punish those who tell a lie—or refuse the dare."
Title: The Angry Birds Movie | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: An island populated entirely by happy, flightless birds or almost entirely. In this paradise, Red, a bird with a temper problem, speedy Chuck, and the volatile Bomb have always been outsiders. But when the island is visited by mysterious green piggies, it’s up to these unlikely outcasts to figure out what the pigs are up to.
Title: Boyz n the Hood | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Boyz n the Hood is the popular and successful film and social criticism from John Singleton about the conditions in South Central Los Angeles where teenagers are involved in gun fights and drug dealing on a daily basis.
Title: Friday the 13th | Genres: horror | Overview: A group of young adults visit a boarded up campsite named Crystal Lake where they soon encounter the mysterious Jason Voorhees and his deadly intentions.
Title: Bordello of Blood | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: Private eye Rafe Guttman is hired by repressed, born-again Katherine to find her missing bad-boy brother. The trail leads him to a whorehouse run by a thousand-year-old vampire and secretly backed by Katherine's boss, televangelist Jimmy Current.
Title: Pride & Prejudice | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A story of love and life among the landed English gentry during the Georgian era. Mr. Bennet is a gentleman living in Hertfordshire with his overbearing wife and five daughters, but if he dies their house will be inherited by a distant cousin whom they have never met, so the family's future happiness and security is dependent on the daughters making good marriages.
Title: The Lost City of Z | Genres: adventure, drama, history | Overview: A true-life drama in the 1920s, centering on British explorer Col. Percy Fawcett, who discovered evidence of a previously unknown, advanced civilization in the Amazon and disappeared whilst searching for it.
"Title: 3 Idiots | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: In the tradition of “Ferris Bueller’s Day Off” comes this refreshing comedy about a rebellious prankster with a crafty mind and a heart of gold. Rascal. Joker. Dreamer. Genius... You've never met a college student quite like ""Rancho."" From the moment he arrives at India's most prestigious university, Rancho's outlandish schemes turn the campus upside down—along with the lives of his two newfound best friends. Together, they make life miserable for ""Virus,"" the school’s uptight and heartless dean. But when Rancho catches the eye of the dean's sexy daughter, Virus sets his sights on flunking out the ""3 idiots"" once and for all."
Title: The NeverEnding Story | Genres: drama, family, fantasy, adventure | Overview: While hiding from bullies in his school's attic, a young boy discovers the extraordinary land of Fantasia, through a magical book called The Neverending Story. The book tells the tale of Atreyu, a young warrior who, with the help of a luck dragon named Falkor, must save Fantasia from the destruction of The Nothing.
Title: First Blood | Genres: action, adventure, thriller, war | Overview: When former Green Beret John Rambo is harassed by local law enforcement and arrested for vagrancy, the Vietnam vet snaps, runs for the hills and rat-a-tat-tats his way into the action-movie hall of fame. Hounded by a relentless sheriff, Rambo employs heavy-handed guerilla tactics to shake the cops off his tail.
"Title: The Terminator | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: In the post-apocalyptic future, reigning tyrannical supercomputers teleport a cyborg assassin known as the ""Terminator"" back to 1984 to kill Sarah Connor, whose unborn son is destined to lead insurgents against 21st century mechanical hegemony. Meanwhile, the human-resistance movement dispatches a lone warrior to safeguard Sarah. Can he stop the virtually indestructible killing machine?"
Title: 365 Days | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A woman falls victim to a dominant mafia boss, who imprisons her and gives her one year to fall in love with him.
Title: The Jack in the Box | Genres: horror | Overview: When a vintage Jack-in-the-box is un-earthed and opened, it's new owners soon have reason to believe the creepy clown doll within has a life of it's own.
Title: Focus | Genres: romance, comedy, crime, drama | Overview: Nicky, an accomplished con artist, gets romantically involved with his disciple Jess but later ends their relationship. Years later, she returns as a femme fatale to spoil his plans.
Title: Mean Girls | Genres: comedy | Overview: Cady Heron is a hit with The Plastics, the A-list girl clique at her new school, until she makes the mistake of falling for Aaron Samuels, the ex-boyfriend of alpha Plastic Regina George.
Title: Gods of Egypt | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: A common thief joins a mythical god on a quest through Egypt.
Title: Abominable | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: A group of misfits encounter a young Yeti named Everest, and they set off to reunite the magical creature with his family on the mountain of his namesake.
Title: To All the Boys: Always and Forever | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: Senior year of high school takes center stage as Lara Jean returns from a family trip to Korea and considers her college plans — with and without Peter.
Title: Endangered Species | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: Jack Halsey takes his wife, their adult kids, and a friend for a dream vacation in Kenya. But as they venture off alone into a wilderness park, their safari van is flipped over by an angry rhino, leaving them injured and desperate. Then, as two of them go in search of rescue, a bloody, vicious encounter with a leopard and a clan of hyenas incites a desperate fight for survival.
Title: Get Out | Genres: mystery, thriller, horror | Overview: Chris and his girlfriend Rose go upstate to visit her parents for the weekend. At first, Chris reads the family's overly accommodating behavior as nervous attempts to deal with their daughter's interracial relationship, but as the weekend progresses, a series of increasingly disturbing discoveries lead him to a truth that he never could have imagined.
Title: Safe | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: After a former elite agent rescues a 12-year-old Chinese girl who's been abducted, they find themselves in the middle of a standoff between Triads, the Russian Mafia and high-level corrupt New York City politicians and police.
Title: Year One | Genres: comedy, adventure | Overview: When a couple of lazy hunter-gatherers are banished from their primitive village, they set off on an epic journey through the ancient world.
Title: Ghost in the Shell | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: In the near future, Major is the first of her kind: a human saved from a terrible crash, then cyber-enhanced to be a perfect soldier devoted to stopping the world's most dangerous criminals.
Title: Riddick | Genres: science fiction, action, thriller | Overview: Betrayed by his own kind and left for dead on a desolate planet, Riddick fights for survival against alien predators and becomes more powerful and dangerous than ever before. Soon bounty hunters from throughout the galaxy descend on Riddick only to find themselves pawns in his greater scheme for revenge. With his enemies right where he wants them, Riddick unleashes a vicious attack of vengeance before returning to his home planet of Furya to save it from destruction.
Title: The Anthem of the Heart | Genres: animation, drama, music, romance | Overview: A young girl had her voice magically taken away so that she would never hurt people with it, but her outlook changes when she encounters music and friendship. Will Naruse be able to convey the anthem of her heart?
Title: Barbie: A Fashion Fairytale | Genres: family, animation | Overview: Join Barbie in a colourful, modern-day fairytale filled with fashion, friends and fun! Barbie and her dog Sequin jet off to visit her Aunt's amazing fashion house in Paris, and much to her surprise it's about to be shut down forever. After she discovers three enchanting Flairies with sparkle-magic powers, Barbie comes up with a brilliant idea to save the business. She even inspires Alice, a shy fashion designer, and together they create a dazzling runway fashion show. Barbie shows that magic happens when you believe in yourself.
Title: Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams | Genres: action, adventure, family, comedy | Overview: Exploring the further adventures of Carmen and Juni Cortez, who have now joined the family spy business as Level 2 OSS agents. Their new mission is to save the world from a mad scientist living on a volcanic island populated by an imaginative menagerie of creatures. On this bizarre island, none of the Cortez's gadgets work and they must rely on their wits--and each other--to survive and save the day.
Title: Containment | Genres: thriller, horror, science fiction | Overview: Neighbors in a block wake one morning to find they have been sealed inside their apartments. Can they work together to find out why? Or will they destroy each other in their fight to escape?
Title: Secret Magic Control Agency | Genres: animation, comedy, fantasy | Overview: The Secret Magic Control Agency sends its two best agents, Hansel and Gretel, to fight against the witch of the Gingerbread House.
Title: Rush Hour | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: When Hong Kong Inspector Lee is summoned to Los Angeles to investigate a kidnapping, the FBI doesn't want any outside help and assigns cocky LAPD Detective James Carter to distract Lee from the case. Not content to watch the action from the sidelines, Lee and Carter form an unlikely partnership and investigate the case themselves.
Title: Outcast | Genres: action | Overview: A mysterious warrior teams up with the daughter and son of a deposed Chinese Emperor to defeat their cruel Uncle, who seeks their deaths.
Title: The Legend of the Galactic Heroes: Die Neue These Seiran 1 | Genres: animation, science fiction | Overview: In humanity's distant future, two interstellar states-the monarchic Galactic Empire and the democratic Free Planets Alliance-are embroiled in a never-ending war. The story focuses on the exploits of rivals Reinhard von Müsel and Yang Wen Li as they rise to power and fame in the Galactic Empire and the Free Planets Alliance.
Title: State of Play | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: Handsome, unflappable U.S. Congressman Stephen Collins is the future of his political party: an honorable appointee who serves as the chairman of a committee overseeing defense spending. All eyes are upon the rising star to be his party's contender for the upcoming presidential race. Until his research assistant/mistress is brutally murdered and buried secrets come tumbling out.
Title: Puff: Wonders of the Reef | Genres: documentary | Overview: A baby pufferfish travels through a wondrous microworld full of fantastical creatures as he searches for a home on the Great Barrier Reef.
Title: Tracers | Genres: action | Overview: Wanted by the mafia, a New York City bike messenger escapes into the world of parkour after meeting a beautiful stranger.
Title: The Corpse of Anna Fritz | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Anna Fritz is a beautiful and famous actress. Suddenly her body is found in a hotel and the news of her death goes around the planet. The young, shy caretaker Pau works at the hospital where they carried the body of Anna Fritz. He and his friends decide to take pictures of the body of Anna Fritz. They decide they could make love to her and nobody would know. They are in front of Anna Fritz ... and can do with it what they want.
Title: Saw II | Genres: horror | Overview: When a new murder victim is discovered with all the signs of Jigsaw's hand, Detective Eric Matthews begins a full investigation and apprehends Jigsaw with little effort. But for Jigsaw, getting caught is just another part of his plan. Eight more of his victims are already fighting for their lives and now it's time for Matthews to join the game.
Title: The Lone Ranger | Genres: action, adventure, western | Overview: The Texas Rangers chase down a gang of outlaws led by Butch Cavendish, but the gang ambushes the Rangers, seemingly killing them all. One survivor is found, however, by an American Indian named Tonto, who nurses him back to health. The Ranger, donning a mask and riding a white stallion named Silver, teams up with Tonto to bring the unscrupulous gang and others of that ilk to justice.
Title: Muppets Haunted Mansion | Genres: comedy, family, tv movie | Overview: Gonzo is challenged to spend one night in The Haunted Mansion on Halloween night.
"Title: Jeepers Creepers 2 | Genres: horror | Overview: When their bus is crippled on the side of a deserted road, a team of high school athletes discover an opponent they cannot defeat – and may not survive. Staring hungrily at them through the school bus windows, the ""Creeper"" returns again and again. But when the teammates discover that it’s selective about whom it attacks, it will test their ability to stick together – as the insatiable menace tries to tear them apart!"
"Title: Blade | Genres: horror, action | Overview: The Daywalker known as ""Blade"" - a half-vampire, half-mortal man - becomes the protector of humanity against an underground army of vampires."
Title: Elysium | Genres: science fiction, action, drama, thriller | Overview: In the year 2159, two classes of people exist: the very wealthy who live on a pristine man-made space station called Elysium, and the rest, who live on an overpopulated, ruined Earth. Secretary Rhodes, a hard line government ofﬁcial, will stop at nothing to enforce anti-immigration laws and preserve the luxurious lifestyle of the citizens of Elysium. That doesn’t stop the people of Earth from trying to get in, by any means they can. When unlucky Max is backed into a corner, he agrees to take on a daunting mission that, if successful, will not only save his life, but could bring equality to these polarized worlds.
Title: Ride or Die | Genres: drama, romance, thriller | Overview: Rei helps the woman she's been in love with for years escape her abusive husband. While on the run, their feelings for each other catch fire.
Title: Johnny English Reborn | Genres: crime, adventure, action, comedy, thriller | Overview: The most prominent heads of state in the world begin gathering for a conference that could have a major impact on global politics. When MI-7 receives word that the Chinese premier has become the target of some high-powered killers, it falls on Johnny English to save the day. Armed with the latest high-tech weaponry and gadgets that would make even James Bond jealous, the once-disgraced agent uncovers evidence of a massive conspiracy involving some of the world's most powerful organisations, and vows to redeem his tarnished reputation by stopping the killers before they can strike.
Title: Barbie Fairytopia: Mermaidia | Genres: animation, family, adventure, fantasy | Overview: In this animated follow-up to Fairytopia, Elina (played by Barbie) enlists the help of a mermaid, Nori, to save her friend Nalu, a merman prince who has been captured by the wicked Laverna.
Title: Insidious: Chapter 3 | Genres: horror, drama, thriller | Overview: A twisted new tale of terror begins for a teenage girl and her family, and revealing more mysteries of the otherworldly realm, 'The Further'.
Title: 3096 Days | Genres: drama | Overview: A young Austrian girl is kidnapped and held in captivity for eight years. Based on the real-life case of Natascha Kampusch.
Title: Kiki's Delivery Service | Genres: animation, family, fantasy, adventure | Overview: A young witch, on her mandatory year of independent life, finds fitting into a new community difficult while she supports herself by running an air courier service.
Title: Little Man | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: After leaving the prison, the dwarf criminal Calvin Sims joins to his moron brother Percy to steal an expensive huge diamond in a jewelry for the mobster Walken. They are chased by the police, and Calvin hides the stone in the purse of the executive Vanessa Edwards, whose husband Darryl Edwards wants to have a baby. Percy convinces Calvin to dress like a baby and be left in front of the Edwards's house to get inside the house and retrieve the diamond. Darryl and Vanessa keep Calvin for the weekend and decide to adopt him, while Walken threatens Darryl to get the stone back.
Title: Rambo III | Genres: action, adventure, thriller, war | Overview: Combat has taken its toll on Rambo, but he's finally begun to find inner peace in a monastery. When Rambo's friend and mentor Col. Trautman asks for his help on a top secret mission to Afghanistan, Rambo declines but must reconsider when Trautman is captured.
Title: Pitch Perfect 2 | Genres: comedy, music | Overview: The Bellas are back, and they are better than ever. After being humiliated in front of none other than the President of the United States of America, the Bellas are taken out of the Aca-Circuit. In order to clear their name, and regain their status, the Bellas take on a seemingly impossible task: winning an international competition no American team has ever won. In order to accomplish this monumental task, they need to strengthen the bonds of friendship and sisterhood and blow away the competition with their amazing aca-magic! With all new friends and old rivals tagging along for the trip, the Bellas can hopefully accomplish their dreams.
Title: Whiplash | Genres: drama, music | Overview: Under the direction of a ruthless instructor, a talented young drummer begins to pursue perfection at any cost, even his humanity.
Title: Pan's Labyrinth | Genres: fantasy, drama, war | Overview: Living with her tyrannical stepfather in a new home with her pregnant mother, 10-year-old Ofelia feels alone until she explores a decaying labyrinth guarded by a mysterious faun who claims to know her destiny. If she wishes to return to her real father, Ofelia must complete three terrifying tasks.
"Title: No Game No Life: Zero | Genres: animation, action, drama | Overview: In ancient Disboard, Riku is an angry, young warrior intent on saving humanity from the warring Exceed, the sixteen sentient species, fighting to establish the ""One True God"" amongst the Old Deus. In a lawless land, humanity's lack of magic and weak bodies have made them easy targets, leaving them on the brink of extinction. One day, hope returns to humanity when Riku finds a powerful female Ex-machina, whom he names Schwi. Exiled from her Cluster because of her research into human emotions, Schwi is convinced that humanity has only survived due to the power of these feelings. Forming an unlikely partnership in the midst of the overwhelming chaos, Riku and Schwi must now find the answers to their individual shortcomings in each other, and discover for themselves what it truly means to be human as they fight for their lives against all odds. Each with a powerful new ally in tow, it is now up to them to prevent the extinction of the human race and establish peace throughout Disboard!"
"Title: Justice League: Doom | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: An adaptation of Mark Waid's ""Tower of Babel"" story from the JLA comic. Vandal Savage steals confidential files Batman has compiled on the members of the Justice League, and learns all their weaknesses."
Title: The Smurfs | Genres: animation, family, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: When the evil wizard Gargamel chases the tiny blue Smurfs out of their village, they tumble from their magical world and into ours -- in fact, smack dab in the middle of Central Park. Just three apples high and stuck in the Big Apple, the Smurfs must find a way to get back to their village before Gargamel tracks them down.
Title: Missing Link | Genres: family, animation, comedy, adventure, fantasy | Overview: The charismatic Sir Lionel Frost considers himself to be the world's foremost investigator of myths and monsters. Trouble is, none of his small-minded, high-society peers seems to recognize this. Hoping to finally gain acceptance from these fellow adventurers, Sir Lionel travels to the Pacific Northwest to prove the existence of a legendary creature known as the missing link.
Title: Matilda | Genres: comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: An extraordinarily intelligent young girl from a cruel and uncaring family discovers she possesses telekinetic powers and is sent off to a school headed by a tyrannical principal.
Title: The Devil's Advocate | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller, horror | Overview: Aspiring Florida defense lawyer Kevin Lomax accepts a job at a New York law firm. With the stakes getting higher every case, Kevin quickly learns that his boss has something far more evil planned.
Title: Sin City: A Dame to Kill For | Genres: crime, action, thriller | Overview: Some of Sin City's most hard-boiled citizens cross paths with a few of its more reviled inhabitants.
Title: The Medium | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A horrifying story of a shaman’s inheritance in the Isan region of Thailand. But the goddess that appears to have taken possession of a family member turns out not be as benevolent as it first appears.
Title: Jeepers Creepers | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A brother and sister driving home through an isolated countryside from college encounter a flesh-eating creature in the midst of its ritualistic eating spree.
Title: Contraband | Genres: thriller, action, drama, crime | Overview: When his brother-in-law runs afoul of a drug lord, family man Chris Farraday turns to a skill he abandoned long ago—smuggling—to repay the debt. But the job goes wrong, and Farraday finds himself wanted by cops, crooks and killers alike.
Title: The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: This time around Edmund and Lucy Pevensie, along with their pesky cousin Eustace Scrubb find themselves swallowed into a painting and on to a fantastic Narnian ship headed for the very edges of the world.
Title: Black Fox | Genres: animation, action, drama, science fiction | Overview: Rikka is a ninja descendant. Her grandfather Hyoe is the last chief of their ninja clan and her father is a cyborg researcher. Both are killed when a weapons' company raids his lab to use his research. Rikka sets out to avenge their deaths.
"Title: Barbie in the Nutcracker | Genres: animation, family | Overview: ""Barbie"" stars as Clara in this animated retelling of the classic Christmas ballet, complete with Tchaikovsky soundtrack and ballet choreography."
Title: Belfast | Genres: drama | Overview: Buddy is a young boy on the cusp of adolescence, whose life is filled with familial love, childhood hijinks, and a blossoming romance. Yet, with his beloved hometown caught up in increasing turmoil, his family faces a momentous choice: hope the conflict will pass or leave everything they know behind for a new life.
Title: Stillwater | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: Bill Baker, an American oil-rig roughneck from Oklahoma, travels to Marseille to visit his estranged daughter, Allison, who is in prison for a murder she claims she did not commit. Confronted with language barriers, cultural differences, and a complicated legal system, Bill builds a new life for himself in France as he makes it his personal mission to exonerate his daughter.
Title: Rush Hour 2 | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: It's vacation time for Carter as he finds himself alongside Lee in Hong Kong wishing for more excitement. While Carter wants to party and meet the ladies, Lee is out to track down a Triad gang lord who may be responsible for killing two men at the American Embassy. Things get complicated as the pair stumble onto a counterfeiting plot. The boys are soon up to their necks in fist fights and life-threatening situations. A trip back to the U.S. may provide the answers about the bombing, the counterfeiting, and the true allegiance of sexy customs agent Isabella.
Title: The Night House | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: Reeling from the unexpected death of her husband, Beth is left alone in the lakeside home he built for her. Soon she begins to uncover her recently deceased husband's disturbing secrets.
Title: Fate/kaleid liner Prisma☆Illya: Vow in the Snow | Genres: action, animation, drama, fantasy | Overview: After succumbing to an unenviable fate, Kiritsugu Emiya has left Shirou Emiya the duty to save mankind in his place. The world is dying and time is ticking, but when the salvation Shirou seeks is at the cost of his only family left—his younger sister—will he still have the heart to pursue this duty? Shirou is now pressed with the choice to continue being a hero of justice—or become the very evil his ideal has vowed to vanquish. The orphan is alone once again, yet his body is still made of swords. The Fifth Holy Grail War now begins with his oath under snow.
Title: Gold | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: In the not-too-distant future, two drifters traveling through the desert stumble across the biggest gold nugget ever found and the dream of immense wealth and greed takes hold. They hatch a plan to excavate their bounty, with one man leaving to secure the necessary tools while the other remains with the gold. The man who remains must endure harsh desert elements, ravenous wild dogs, and mysterious intruders, while battling the sinking suspicion that he has been abandoned to his fate.
Title: Once Upon a Time… in Hollywood | Genres: comedy, drama, thriller | Overview: Los Angeles, 1969. TV star Rick Dalton, a struggling actor specializing in westerns, and stuntman Cliff Booth, his best friend, try to survive in a constantly changing movie industry. Dalton is the neighbor of the young and promising actress and model Sharon Tate, who has just married the prestigious Polish director Roman Polanski…
Title: Bedtime Stories | Genres: fantasy, comedy, family, romance | Overview: Skeeter Bronson is a down-on-his-luck guy who's always telling bedtime stories to his niece and nephew. But his life is turned upside down when the fantastical stories he makes up for entertainment inexplicably turn into reality. Can a bewildered Skeeter manage his own unruly fantasies now that the outrageous characters and situations from his mind have morphed into actual people and events?
Title: The Wild | Genres: family, animation | Overview: An adolescent lion is accidentally shipped from the New York Zoo to Africa. Now running free, his zoo pals must put aside their differences to help bring him back.
Title: Once Upon a Deadpool | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: A kidnapped Fred Savage is forced to endure Deadpool's PG-13 rendition of Deadpool 2 as a Princess Bride-esque story that's full of magic, wonder & zero F's.
Title: Easy A | Genres: comedy | Overview: Olive, an average high school student, sees her below-the-radar existence turn around overnight once she decides to use the school's gossip grapevine to advance her social standing. Now her classmates are turning against her and the school board is becoming concerned, including her favorite teacher and the distracted guidance counselor. With the support of her hilariously idiosyncratic parents and a little help from a long-time crush, Olive attempts to take on her notorious new identity and crush the rumor mill once and for all.
Title: Spider-Man | Genres: science fiction, action, crime, tv movie | Overview: When an extortionist threatens to force a multi-suicide unless a huge ransom is paid, only Peter Parker can stop him with his new powers as Spider-Man.
Title: Deep | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: Four insomniac med school students are lured into a neuroscience experiment that spirals out of control and must find a way out before it’s too late.
Title: God's Not Dead 2 | Genres: drama | Overview: When a high school teacher is asked a question in class about Jesus, her reasoned response lands her in deep trouble and could expel God from the public square once and for all.
Title: Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets | Genres: adventure, science fiction, action | Overview: In the 28th century, Valerian and Laureline are special operatives charged with keeping order throughout the human territories. On assignment from the Minister of Defense, the two undertake a mission to Alpha, an ever-expanding metropolis where species from across the universe have converged over centuries to share knowledge, intelligence, and cultures. At the center of Alpha is a mysterious dark force which threatens the peaceful existence of the City of a Thousand Planets, and Valerian and Laureline must race to identify the menace and safeguard not just Alpha, but the future of the universe.
Title: I Am All Girls | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: A special crimes investigator forms an unlikely bond with a serial killer to bring down a global child sex trafficking syndicate.
Title: Whisper of the Heart | Genres: animation, drama, family | Overview: Shizuku lives a simple life, dominated by her love for stories and writing. One day she notices that all the library books she has have been previously checked out by the same person: 'Seiji Amasawa'.
Title: Parker | Genres: action, crime | Overview: A thief with a unique code of professional ethics is double-crossed by his crew and left for dead. Assuming a new disguise and forming an unlikely alliance with a woman on the inside, he looks to hijack the score of the crew's latest heist.
Title: Gangubai Kathiawadi | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: Young Ganga is sold to a brothel in Mumbai in the garb of becoming an actor by her lover in the 1950s. She goes on to become the feared Gangubai - the Matriarch of Kamathipura - the champion of female emancipation and advocate of rights for sex workers in a chauvinist and narrow-minded society.
Title: Rush Hour 3 | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: After a botched assassination attempt, the mismatched duo finds themselves in Paris, struggling to retrieve a precious list of names, as the murderous crime syndicate's henchmen try their best to stop them. Once more, Lee and Carter must fight their way through dangerous gangsters; however, this time, the past has come back to haunt Lee. Will the boys get the job done once and for all?
Title: Moxie | Genres: comedy, drama, music | Overview: Inspired by her mom's rebellious past and a confident new friend, a shy 16-year-old publishes an anonymous zine calling out sexism at her school.
Title: Transformers: Beginnings | Genres: animation, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: On their home planet of Cybertron, the Autobots and Decepticons are involved in an explosive battle over the coveted AllSpark. With the fate of the universe at stake, the Autobots send it far from the reaches of the ruthless Megatron, leader of the Decepticons. But there are even more surprises in store when it crash-lands on Earth.
Title: The Guilty | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A demoted police officer assigned to a call dispatch desk is conflicted when he receives an emergency phone call from a kidnapped woman.
Title: Catch Me If You Can | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: A true story about Frank Abagnale Jr. who, before his 19th birthday, successfully conned millions of dollars worth of checks as a Pan Am pilot, doctor, and legal prosecutor. An FBI agent makes it his mission to put him behind bars. But Frank not only eludes capture, he revels in the pursuit.
Title: Undisputed | Genres: action, adventure, drama, thriller | Overview: Monroe Hutchens is the heavyweight champion of Sweetwater, a maximum security prison. He was convicted to a life sentence due to a passionate crime. Iceman Chambers is the heavyweight champion, who lost his title due to a rape conviction to ten years in Sweetwater. WHen these two giants collide in the same prison, they fight against each other disputing who is the real champion.
Title: Empire State | Genres: action, drama | Overview: After failing to get into the police academy, Chris Potamitis settles for a security guard job with an armoured truck company. After he makes the mistake of mentioning the company's lax security to his best friend, He's unwittingly drawn into an elaborate scheme to rob the abundant amounts of cash being stored on their premises—resulting in the largest cash heist in U.S.history.
Title: Hostel: Part II | Genres: horror | Overview: Three American college students studying abroad are lured to a Slovakian hostel, and discover the grim reality behind it.
Title: 10.0 Earthquake | Genres: drama, adventure, action | Overview: Los Angeles is about to be hit by a devastating earthquake, and time is running out to save the city from imminent danger.
"Title: A Walk to Remember | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: When the popular, restless Landon Carter is forced to participate in the school drama production he falls in love with Jamie Sullivan, the daughter of the town's minister. Jamie has a ""to-do"" list for her life and also a very big secret she must keep from Landon."
Title: Hellboy II: The Golden Army | Genres: action, adventure, mystery, fantasy | Overview: Hellboy must stop an elven prince from locating an ancient force that can destroy humanity: the all-powerful Golden Army.
Title: Funny People | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Famous and wealthy funnyman George Simmons doesn't give much thought to how he treats people until a doctor delivers stunning health news, forcing George to reevaluate his priorities with a little help from aspiring stand-up comic Ira.
Title: Dragon Ball: Episode of Bardock | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: A spin-off scenario taking place after the events of the TV special Dragon Ball Z: Bardock - The Father of Goku, in which Bardock survives the destruction of Planet Vegeta and is sent into the past, combating Frieza's ancestor Chilled and turning into a Super Saiyan.
Title: Akira | Genres: animation, science fiction, action | Overview: A secret military project endangers Neo-Tokyo when it turns a biker gang member into a rampaging psychic psychopath that only two teenagers and a group of psychics can stop.
Title: Minions: The Rise of Gru | Genres: family, animation, action, adventure, comedy | Overview: A fanboy of a supervillain supergroup known as the Vicious 6, Gru hatches a plan to become evil enough to join them, with the backup of his followers, the Minions.
Title: The Ugly Truth | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A romantically challenged morning show producer is reluctantly embroiled in a series of outrageous tests by her chauvinistic correspondent to prove his theories on relationships and help her find love. His clever ploys, however, lead to an unexpected result.
Title: The Cat in the Hat | Genres: comedy, adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: Conrad and Sally Walden are home alone with their pet fish. It is raining outside, and there is nothing to do. Until The Cat in the Hat walks in the front door. He introduces them to their imagination, and at first it's all fun and games, until things get out of hand, and The Cat must go, go, go, before their parents get back.
Title: Virgin Territory | Genres: adventure, action, comedy, romance | Overview: The film is set in Tuscany during the Black Death. As in the Decameron, ten young Florentines take refuge from the plague. But instead of telling stories, they have lusty adventures, bawdy exchanges, romance and swordplay. There are randy nuns, Saracen pirates, and a sexy cow.
Title: (500) Days of Summer | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Tom, greeting-card writer and hopeless romantic, is caught completely off-guard when his girlfriend, Summer, suddenly dumps him. He reflects on their 500 days together to try to figure out where their love affair went sour, and in doing so, Tom rediscovers his true passions in life.
Title: Disobedience | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A woman learns about the death of her Orthodox Jewish father, a rabbi. She returns home and has romantic feelings rekindled for her best childhood friend, who is now married to her cousin.
Title: The Protector | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: In Bangkok, the young Kham was raised by his father in the jungle with elephants as members of their family. When his old elephant and the baby Kern are stolen by criminals, Kham finds that the animals were sent to Sidney. He travels to Australia, where he locates the baby elephant in a restaurant owned by the evil Madame Rose, the leader of an international Thai mafia. With the support of the efficient Thai sergeant Mark, who was involved in a conspiracy, Kham fights to rescue the animal from the mobsters.
Title: Project Almanac | Genres: science fiction, thriller, drama | Overview: A group of teens discover secret plans of a time machine, and construct one. However, things start to get out of control.
Title: Respect | Genres: music, drama, history | Overview: The rise of Aretha Franklin’s career from a child singing in her father’s church’s choir to her international superstardom.
Title: Fences | Genres: drama | Overview: In 1950s Pittsburgh, a frustrated African-American father struggles with the constraints of poverty, racism, and his own inner demons as he tries to raise a family.
Title: Midway | Genres: war, history, action, drama | Overview: The story of the Battle of Midway, and the leaders and soldiers who used their instincts, fortitude and bravery to overcome massive odds.
Title: Leatherface | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: A young nurse is kidnapped by a group of violent teens who escape from a mental hospital and take her on the road trip from hell. Pursued by an equally deranged lawman out for revenge, one of the teens is destined for tragedy and horrors that will destroy his mind, moulding him into a monster named Leatherface.
Title: Castle in the Sky | Genres: adventure, fantasy, animation, action, family, romance | Overview: A young boy and a girl with a magic crystal must race against pirates and foreign agents in a search for a legendary floating castle.
Title: The Next Three Days | Genres: romance, drama, thriller, crime | Overview: A married couple's life is turned upside down when the wife is accused of murdering her boss. Her husband John would spend the next few years trying to get her released, but there's no evidence that negates the evidence against her. When the strain of being separated from her husband and son gets to her, John decides to find a way to break her out.
Title: Twilight | Genres: animation, drama | Overview: Hakubo tells the story of two young people who live in rural Fukushima: Sachi Koyama, a girl who excels at playing the violin, and Yuusuke Kijinami, a boy who loves to paint. After an awkward, chance encounter, the two meet and begin to fall in love, but Yuusuke is still living in the shadow of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami.
Title: John and the Hole | Genres: thriller, drama, mystery | Overview: While exploring the neighboring woods, 13-year-old John discovers an unfinished bunker — a deep hole in the ground. Seemingly without provocation, he drugs his affluent parents and older sister and drags their unconscious bodies into the bunker, where he holds them captive. As they anxiously wait for John to free them from the hole, the boy returns home, where he can finally do what he wants.
"Title: Fireproof | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Caleb Holt, a heroic fire captain who values dedication and service to others above all else. But the most important partnership in his life, his marriage, is about to go up in smoke. This gripping story follows one man's desire to transform his life and marriage through the healing power of faith and fully embrace the fireman's code: ""Never leave your partner behind."""
Title: Paul Blart: Mall Cop | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Mild-mannered Paul Blart has always had huge dreams of becoming a State Trooper. Until then, he patrols the local mall as a security guard. With his closely cropped moustache, personal transporter and gung-ho attitude, only Blart seems to take his job seriously. All that changes when a team of thugs raids the mall and takes hostages. Untrained, unarmed and a super-size target, Blart has to become a real cop to save the day.
Title: Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, family, science fiction | Overview: Carmen's caught in a virtual reality game designed by the Kids' new nemesis, the Toymaker. It's up to Juni to save his sister, and ultimately the world.
Title: The Ogglies: Welcome to Smelliville | Genres: animation, drama, adventure, family | Overview: The Oggly family arrive at the municipal rubbish dump of Smelliville and must look for a new home, but they never feel really welcome anywhere. They stink and are for most humans just a tad too oggly. When Firebottom, the family dragon, crash-lands on the run-down rubbish tip of the small town of Smelliville, the Ogglies at once feel at home. And it's here they want to stay.
Title: Diego, The Last Goodbye | Genres: documentary | Overview: The last year in the life of Diego Maradona told by friends, family and former companions reveals his deep humanity. In the midst of the Covid 19 pandemic, a Maradonian funeral sends him away amid tears, songs and tear gas.
Title: Barbie of Swan Lake | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Barbie as Odette, the young daughter of a baker, follows a unicorn into the Enchanted Forest and is transformed into a swan by an evil wizard intent on defeating the Fairy Queen.
Title: Dragons: Dawn Of The Dragon Racers | Genres: animation, family, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: A hunt for a lost sheep turns into a competition between Hiccup and friends as they compete to become the first Dragon Racing champion of Berk.
Title: Fearless | Genres: drama, action | Overview: Huo Yuan Jia became the most famous martial arts fighter in all of China at the turn of the 20th Century. Huo faced personal tragedy but ultimately fought his way out of darkness, defining the true spirit of martial arts and also inspiring his nation. The son of a great fighter who didn't wish for his child to follow in his footsteps, Huo resolves to teach himself how to fight - and win.
Title: The Fourth Musketeer | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: At the behest of his father, young d'Artagnan travels from rural Gascony to Paris, where he becomes embroiled in a devious plot between the King's Musketeers and the Guardsmen of Cardinal Richelieu.
Title: Shaolin Soccer | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: A young Shaolin follower reunites with his discouraged brothers to form a soccer team using their martial art skills to their advantage.
Title: Chinese Zodiac | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: Asian Hawk (Jackie Chan) leads a mercenary team to recover several lost artifacts from the Old Summer Palace, the bronze heads of the 12 Chinese Zodiac animals which were sacked by the French and British armies from the imperial Summer Palace in Beijing in 1860. Assisted by a Chinese student & a Parisian lady, Hawk stops at nothing to accomplish the mission.
Title: Halloween | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Jamie Lee Curtis returns to her iconic role as Laurie Strode, who comes to her final confrontation with Michael Myers, the masked figure who has haunted her since she narrowly escaped his killing spree on Halloween night four decades ago.
Title: The Forgotten Battle | Genres: war, history, drama | Overview: November 1944. On the flooded isle of Walcheren, Zeeland, thousands of Allied soldiers are battling the German army. Three young lives become inextricably connected. A Dutch boy fighting for the Germans, an English glider pilot and a girl from Zeeland connected to the resistance against her will, are forced to make crucial choices that impact both their own freedom and the freedom of others.
Title: The Hunchback of Notre Dame | Genres: drama, animation, family | Overview: At the urging of his gargoyle pals, Quasimodo leaves the solitary safety of his Notre Dame tower against the wishes of his guardian, the evil Judge Claude Frollo. He ventures out to the Festival of Fools and finds his first true friend, a Romani woman named Esmeralda, who entrusts him with a secret. When the secret is revealed, Quasi soon finds himself fighting to save the people and city he loves.
Title: Scandalous Sex | Genres: drama | Overview: A daughter seeks to restore the reputation of her disgraced father, a wronged college professor. With help of a professional student, she must overcome an ambitious sorority bitch and corrupt college dean.
Title: Tower Heist | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: A luxury condo manager leads a staff of workers to seek payback on the Wall Street swindler who defrauded them. With only days until the billionaire gets away with the perfect crime, the unlikely crew of amateur thieves enlists the help of petty crook Slide to steal the $20 million they’re sure is hidden in the penthouse.
Title: Princess Mononoke | Genres: adventure, fantasy, animation | Overview: Ashitaka, a prince of the disappearing Emishi people, is cursed by a demonized boar god and must journey to the west to find a cure. Along the way, he encounters San, a young human woman fighting to protect the forest, and Lady Eboshi, who is trying to destroy it. Ashitaka must find a way to bring balance to this conflict.
Title: Pet Sematary | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Dr. Louis Creed and his wife, Rachel, move from Boston to Ludlow, in rural Maine, with their two young children. Hidden in the woods near the new family home, Ellie, their eldest daughter, discovers a mysterious cemetery where the pets of community members are buried.
Title: Don't Listen | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: After the strange death of his young son at their new home, Daniel hears a ghostly plea for help, spurring him to seek out a renowned paranormal expert.
Title: The Addams Family | Genres: comedy, fantasy | Overview: When a man claiming to be long-lost Uncle Fester reappears after 25 years lost, the family plans a celebration to wake the dead. But the kids barely have time to warm up the electric chair before Morticia begins to suspect Fester is fraud when he can't recall any of the details of Fester's life.
Title: Kids Are Back | Genres: comedy | Overview: Catherine and Yann, happily married for many years, should have spent the year travelling abroad. But since he sold his business, Yann has been too busy with his bonsai trees and keeps postponing the big trip. Things go from bad to worse when their 27-year-old broke daughter and her boyfriend lose their apartment and come knocking on the door to stay. With Yann’s mid-life crisis spinning out of control, their couch surfing daughter and partner getting increasingly invasive and their stay becoming indefinite, Catherine will try everything to kick them out of the parental home and get her life back on track!
Title: Tinker Bell and the Legend of the NeverBeast | Genres: adventure, animation, family | Overview: An ancient myth of a massive creature sparks the curiosity of Tinker Bell and her good friend Fawn, an animal fairy who’s not afraid to break the rules to help an animal in need. But this creature is not welcome in Pixie Hollow — and the scout fairies are determined to capture the mysterious beast, who they fear will destroy their home. Fawn must convince her fairy friends to risk everything to rescue the NeverBeast.
"Title: The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: Chainsaw-wielding maniac Leatherface is up to his cannibalistic ways once again, along with the rest of his twisted clan, including the equally disturbed Chop-Top. This time, the masked killer has set his sights on pretty disc jockey Vanita ""Stretch"" Brock, who teams up with Texas lawman Lefty Enright to battle the psychopath and his family deep within their lair, a macabre abandoned amusement park."
Title: Mermaid Down | Genres: horror, fantasy, mystery, thriller | Overview: A mermaid is ripped from the Pacific, her tail is chopped off and she's thrown into a mental home where no one believes she is a mermaid.
Title: Crystal Skulls | Genres: adventure, science fiction, tv movie | Overview: A millionaire philanthropist collects the famous Chrystal Skulls trying to tap into their ancient powers. It is up to a team lead by a college professor whose father disappeared searching for the 13th skull to save the world when the first 12 skulls are united and reek havoc on the earth without the control of the 13th skull.
Title: Crazy About Her | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: After a magical night together, Adri voluntarily turns himself into the psychiatric institution where Carla lives.
Title: The Gangster, the Cop, the Devil | Genres: crime, action, adventure | Overview: After barely surviving a violent attack by an elusive serial killer, crime boss Jang Dong-su finds himself forming an unlikely partnership with local detective Jung Tae-seok to catch the sadistic killer simply known as K.
Title: The Flintstones | Genres: fantasy, comedy, family | Overview: Modern Stone Age family the Flintstones hit the big screen in this live-action version of the classic cartoon. Fred helps Barney adopt a child. Barney sees an opportunity to repay him when Slate Mining tests its employees to find a new executive. But no good deed goes unpunished.
Title: London Has Fallen | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: In London for the Prime Minister's funeral, Mike Banning discovers a plot to assassinate all the attending world leaders.
Title: Rurouni Kenshin Part I: Origins | Genres: adventure, action, drama, history | Overview: Former legendary assassin Kenshin Himura has now become a wandering samurai. Offering aid & protecting those in need as atonement for his past deeds. During this time Kenshin Himura comes across and aides Kaoru Kamiya (Emi Takei). Her father opened the Kamiya Kasshin-ryu, a kendo school located in Tokyo and Kaoru is now an instructor there. Kaoru then invites Kenshin to stay at her dojo. Their relationship develops further, but Kenshin is still haunted by his violent past...
Title: Saw 3D | Genres: horror, crime | Overview: As a deadly battle rages over Jigsaw's brutal legacy, a group of Jigsaw survivors gathers to seek the support of self-help guru and fellow survivor Bobby Dagen, a man whose own dark secrets unleash a new wave of terror.
Title: King Arthur: Legend of the Sword | Genres: action, drama, fantasy | Overview: When the child Arthur’s father is murdered, Vortigern, Arthur’s uncle, seizes the crown. Robbed of his birthright and with no idea who he truly is, Arthur comes up the hard way in the back alleys of the city. But once he pulls the sword Excalibur from the stone, his life is turned upside down and he is forced to acknowledge his true legacy... whether he likes it or not.
Title: Initiation | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: During a Whiton University's pledge week, the carefree partying turns deadly when brutal murders start befalling the students, sending Ellery Scott into a race against time to uncover the truth behind the school's dark secrets and the horrifying meaning of a recurring symbol: a single exclamation mark.
Title: The Christmas Chronicles: Part Two | Genres: family, fantasy, adventure, comedy | Overview: Kate Pierce is reluctantly spending Christmas with her mom’s new boyfriend and his son Jack. But when the North Pole and Christmas are threatened to be destroyed, Kate and Jack are unexpectedly pulled into a new adventure with Santa Claus.
Title: Men in Black: International | Genres: comedy, science fiction | Overview: The Men in Black have always protected the Earth from the scum of the universe. In this new adventure, they tackle their biggest, most global threat to date: a mole in the Men in Black organization.
Title: American Psycho | Genres: thriller, drama, crime, horror | Overview: A wealthy New York investment banking executive hides his alternate psychopathic ego from his co-workers and friends as he escalates deeper into his illogical, gratuitous fantasies.
Title: Justice League Dark: Apokolips War | Genres: animation, action, adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Earth is decimated after intergalactic tyrant Darkseid has devastated the Justice League in a poorly executed war by the DC Super Heroes. Now the remaining bastions of good – the Justice League, Teen Titans, Suicide Squad and assorted others – must regroup, strategize and take the war to Darkseid in order to save the planet and its surviving inhabitants.
Title: I Spit on Your Grave 2 | Genres: thriller, horror, crime | Overview: Naturally beautiful, Katie has just settled into New York where she, like many other young women, is trying to make it as a model. But what starts out as an innocent and simple photo shoot soon turns into something disturbingly unthinkable! Raped, tortured and kidnapped to a foreign country, Jessica is buried alive and left to die. Against all odds, she manages to escape. Severely injured, she will have to tap into the darkest places of the human psyche to not only survive, but to exact her revenge…
"Title: Hole in One | Genres: comedy | Overview: Eric, a highly-gifted golfer but radically-undisciplined college undergrad, finds his world drastically altered after losing a golf bet to a pair of sadistic plastic surgeons. Eric's bad-boy attitude lifestyle comes to a screeching halt as he loses his money, his girlfriend, his dignity and his golf swing. Eric and his best friend Tyler decide to take on the doctors, in a final golf match of ""Best-Ball"" to get his life back and become the man he should have been all along."
Title: A Babysitter's Guide to Monster Hunting | Genres: family, fantasy, adventure, comedy | Overview: Recruited by a secret society of babysitters, a high schooler battles the Boogeyman and his monsters when they nab the boy she's watching on Halloween.
Title: Insidious: Chapter 2 | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: The haunted Lambert family seeks to uncover the mysterious childhood secret that has left them dangerously connected to the spirit world.
Title: Into the White | Genres: war, action, drama | Overview: Based on a true story. On 27 April 1940, Luftwaffe pilot Horst Schopis' Heinkel 111 bomber is shot down near Grotli by an RAF Blackburn Skua L2940 fighter, which then crash-lands. The surviving German and English crew members begin to at shoot each other, but later find themselves huddled up in the same cabin. In order to survive the harsh winter in the Norwegian wilderness, they have to stand together. An unlikely, lifelong friendship blossoms.
Title: Ladybug & Cat Noir: Awakening | Genres: action, animation, adventure, fantasy, music | Overview: Parisian teenagers Marinette Dupain-Chang and Adrien Agreste become vigilante heroes Ladybug and Cat Noir.
Title: Artemis Fowl | Genres: adventure, fantasy, science fiction, family, action | Overview: Artemis Fowl is a 12-year-old genius and descendant of a long line of criminal masterminds. He soon finds himself in an epic battle against a race of powerful underground fairies who may be behind his father's disappearance.
Title: Bad Boys II | Genres: adventure, action, comedy, thriller, crime | Overview: Out-of-control, trash-talking buddy cops Marcus Burnett and Mike Lowrey of the Miami Narcotics Task Force reunite, and bullets fly, cars crash and laughs explode as they pursue a whacked-out drug lord from the streets of Miami to the barrios of Cuba. But the real fireworks result when Marcus discovers that playboy Mike is secretly romancing Marcus’ sexy sister.
"Title: Cult of Chucky | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Confined to an asylum for the criminally insane, Nica Pierce is convinced that she, not Chucky, murdered her entire family. But when the psychiatrist introduces a new therapeutic ""Good Guy"" doll with a familiar face, a string of new, grisly deaths leads Nica to wonder if she isn't crazy after all."
Title: The Change-Up | Genres: comedy | Overview: Dave is a married man with two kids and a loving wife, and Mitch is a single man who is at the prime of his sexual life. One fateful night while Mitch and Dave are peeing in a fountain when lightning strikes, they switch bodies.
Title: The Godfather: Part III | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: In the midst of trying to legitimize his business dealings in 1979 New York and Italy, aging mafia don, Michael Corleone seeks forgiveness for his sins while taking a young protege under his wing.
Title: Life of Pi | Genres: adventure, drama, action | Overview: The story of an Indian boy named Pi, a zookeeper's son who finds himself in the company of a hyena, zebra, orangutan, and a Bengal tiger after a shipwreck sets them adrift in the Pacific Ocean.
"Title: In the Name of the King 2: Two Worlds | Genres: adventure, fantasy, drama, action | Overview: Granger, an ex-Special Forces soldier gets thrown back to medieval times to fulfill an ancient prophecy. Venturing through the now war torn Kingdom of Ehb, he teams up with an unlikely band of allies with the goal of slaying the leader of the ""Dark Ones"". Fighting against all odds, they must free the land from the grasp of the evil tyrant Raven and save the world."
Title: Full Metal Jacket | Genres: drama, war | Overview: A pragmatic U.S. Marine observes the dehumanizing effects the U.S.-Vietnam War has on his fellow recruits from their brutal boot camp training to the bloody street fighting in Hue.
Title: Justice League vs. Teen Titans | Genres: science fiction, action, animation | Overview: Robin is sent by Batman to work with the Teen Titans after his volatile behavior botches up a Justice League mission. The Titans must then step up to face Trigon after he possesses the League and threatens to conquer the world.
Title: Street Gang: How We Got to Sesame Street | Genres: documentary | Overview: Take a stroll down Sesame Street and witness the birth of the most influential children's show in television history. From the iconic furry characters to the classic songs you know by heart, learn how a gang of visionary creators changed the world.
Title: Facing the Giants | Genres: drama | Overview: A losing coach with an underdog football team faces their giants of fear and failure on and off the field to surprising results.
Title: Woody Woodpecker | Genres: comedy, family, animation | Overview: Woody Woodpecker enters a turf war with a big city lawyer wanting to tear down his home in an effort to build a house to flip.
Title: Jojo Rabbit | Genres: comedy, war, drama | Overview: A World War II satire that follows a lonely German boy whose world view is turned upside down when he discovers his single mother is hiding a young Jewish girl in their attic. Aided only by his idiotic imaginary friend, Adolf Hitler, Jojo must confront his blind nationalism.
Title: Black Box | Genres: horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: After losing his wife and his memory in a car accident, a single father undergoes an experimental treatment that causes him to question who he really is.
Title: Tooth Fairy | Genres: comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: When minor-league hockey player Derek Thompson -- who has a penchant for knocking out his opponents' teeth every time he plays -- disillusions a fan, he is sentenced to a stint for one week as a bona fide, tutu-clad, real-life tooth fairy. Soon, Derek is inspired to rekindle his youthful dreams.
Title: Finding Dory | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: Dory is reunited with her friends Nemo and Marlin in the search for answers about her past. What can she remember? Who are her parents? And where did she learn to speak Whale?
Title: Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Road Chip | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: Through a series of misunderstandings, Alvin, Simon and Theodore come to believe that Dave is going to propose to his new girlfriend in New York City - and dump them. They have three days to get to him and stop the proposal.
Title: Daisy Quokka: World’s Scariest Animal | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: When an unbearably adorable, eternally optimistic Quokka named Daisy wants to achieve the impossible – to win the annual ‘World’s Scariest Animal’ championship, she enlists the guidance of a washed-up, former champion, a grouchy Saltwater Crocodile, to help her achieve her dreams and prove that champions can come in all sizes.
Title: The Fox and the Hound | Genres: adventure, animation, drama, family | Overview: When a feisty little fox named Tod is adopted into a farm family, he quickly becomes friends with a fun and adorable hound puppy named Copper. Life is full of hilarious adventures until Copper is expected to take on his role as a hunting dog -- and the object of his search is his best friend!
Title: Bright: Samurai Soul | Genres: animation, action, fantasy | Overview: Izo, a Ronin, and Raiden, an orc, work to bring a young elf girl and the wand she carries to the land of the elves in the north.
Title: Batman | Genres: family, adventure, comedy, science fiction, crime | Overview: The Dynamic Duo faces four super-villains who plan to hold the world for ransom with the help of a secret invention that instantly dehydrates people.
Title: The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor | Genres: adventure, action, fantasy | Overview: Archaeologist Rick O'Connell travels to China, pitting him against an emperor from the 2,000-year-old Han dynasty who's returned from the dead to pursue a quest for world domination. This time, O'Connell enlists the help of his wife and son to quash the so-called 'Dragon Emperor' and his abuse of supernatural power.
Title: Dead Silence | Genres: horror | Overview: Jamie returns to his hometown in search of answers to his wife's murder, which occurred after receiving a weird package containing a ventriloquist dummy named Billy, which may be linked to the legend of ventriloquist Mary Shaw. Destined to find out the truth, Jamie goes to the town of Raven's Fair, where Shaw used to perform and is buried. But Jamie is in for more than he expected.
Title: 8-Bit Christmas | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: In suburban Chicago during the late 1980s, ten-year-old Jake Doyle embarks on a herculean quest to get the latest and greatest video game system for Christmas.
Title: The Mitchells vs. the Machines | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, family, science fiction, action | Overview: A quirky, dysfunctional family's road trip is upended when they find themselves in the middle of the robot apocalypse and suddenly become humanity's unlikeliest last hope.
Title: Dragonheart 3: The Sorcerer's Curse | Genres: fantasy | Overview: When aspiring knight Gareth goes in search of a fallen comet rumored to contain gold, he is shocked to instead find the dragon Drago. After Drago saves Gareth's life the two become intricately bonded, and must work together to defeat an evil sorcerer and stop his reign of terror. Along the way, Gareth learns the true meaning of being a knight in this fantasy action-adventure for the ages.
Title: The Pursuit of Happyness | Genres: drama | Overview: A struggling salesman takes custody of his son as he's poised to begin a life-changing professional career.
Title: Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: Ethan and team take on their most impossible mission yet—eradicating 'The Syndicate', an International and highly-skilled rogue organisation committed to destroying the IMF.
Title: A Nightmare on Elm Street | Genres: horror | Overview: Teenagers in a small town are dropping like flies, apparently in the grip of mass hysteria causing their suicides. A cop's daughter, Nancy Thompson, traces the cause to child molester Fred Krueger, who was burned alive by angry parents many years before. Krueger has now come back in the dreams of his killers' children, claiming their lives as his revenge. Nancy and her boyfriend, Glen, must devise a plan to lure the monster out of the realm of nightmares and into the real world...
Title: Killer Elite | Genres: action, adventure, thriller | Overview: Based on a shocking true story, Killer Elite pits two of the world’s most elite operatives—Danny, an ex-special ops agent and Hunter, his longtime mentor—against the cunning leader of a secret military society. Covering the globe from Australia to Paris, London and the Middle East, Danny and Hunter are plunged into a highly dangerous game of cat and mouse—where the predators become the prey.
Title: King Kong | Genres: adventure, drama, action | Overview: In 1933 New York, an overly ambitious movie producer coerces his cast and hired ship crew to travel to mysterious Skull Island, where they encounter Kong, a giant ape who is immediately smitten with the leading lady.
"Title: 300 | Genres: action, adventure, war | Overview: Based on Frank Miller's graphic novel, ""300"" is very loosely based the 480 B.C. Battle of Thermopylae, where the King of Sparta led his army against the advancing Persians; the battle is said to have inspired all of Greece to band together against the Persians, and helped usher in the world's first democracy."
Title: Drive My Car | Genres: drama | Overview: Yusuke Kafuku, a stage actor and director, still unable, after two years, to cope with the loss of his beloved wife, accepts to direct Uncle Vanja at a theater festival in Hiroshima. There he meets Misaki, an introverted young woman, appointed to drive his car. In between rides, secrets from the past and heartfelt confessions will be unveiled.
Title: Superman | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: Mild-mannered Clark Kent works as a reporter at the Daily Planet alongside his crush, Lois Lane. Clark must summon his superhero alter-ego when the nefarious Lex Luthor launches a plan to take over the world.
Title: Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones | Genres: adventure, action, science fiction | Overview: Following an assassination attempt on Senator Padmé Amidala, Jedi Knights Anakin Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi investigate a mysterious plot that could change the galaxy forever.
Title: Home Alone 3 | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: 9-year-old Alex Pruitt is home alone with the chicken pox. Turns out, due to a mix-up among nefarious spies, Alex was given a toy car concealing a top-secret microchip. Now Alex must fend off the spies as they try to break into his house to get it back.
Title: No Good Deed | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: Terri is a devoted wife and mother of two, living an ideal suburban life in Atlanta when Colin, a charming but dangerous escaped convict, shows up at her door claiming car trouble. Terri offers her phone to help him but soon learns that no good deed goes unpunished as she finds herself fighting for survival when he invades her home and terrorizes her family.
Title: We Broke Up | Genres: comedy | Overview: Lori and Doug break up right before Lori's sister's wedding and decide to pretend they're still together for the weekend as to not disrupt the fun.
Title: Barbie in A Mermaid Tale | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: Barbie stars as Merliah, a surfer who learns a shocking secret: she's a mermaid! She and her dolphin friend set out for an undersea adventure to rescue her mother, the queen of Oceana.
Title: The Day | Genres: action, drama, horror, science fiction | Overview: Open war against humanity rages. For five survivors – lost and on the run – the pursuit is relentless, the bullets are dwindling and the battle is everywhere. This is a 24-hour look into their lives.
Title: Predator 2 | Genres: science fiction, action, thriller | Overview: A police chief in the war-torn streets of Los Angeles discovers that an extraterrestrial creature is hunting down residents - and that he is the next target.
"Title: Tomorrowland | Genres: adventure, family, mystery, science fiction | Overview: Bound by a shared destiny, a bright, optimistic teen bursting with scientific curiosity and a former boy-genius inventor jaded by disillusionment embark on a danger-filled mission to unearth the secrets of an enigmatic place somewhere in time and space that exists in their collective memory as ""Tomorrowland."""
"Title: Addams Family Values | Genres: comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: Siblings Wednesday and Pugsley Addams will stop at nothing to get rid of Pubert, the new baby boy adored by parents Gomez and Morticia. Things go from bad to worse when the new ""black widow"" nanny, Debbie Jellinsky, launches her plan to add Fester to her collection of dead husbands."
Title: Don't Blame the Kid | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: After a one-night stand results in pregnancy, a young woman decides to become partners with the emotionally immature father-to-be.
"Title: The Empire of Corpses | Genres: animation, mystery, horror, science fiction | Overview: The story of The Empire of Corpses takes place in 19th century Europe, and revolves around John Watson. He is scouted by the government to become a secret agent- However, Watson lives in a world where ""Frankensteins""- human corpses that are re-purposed with a false soul in order to use them as laborers- are used to improve industrial development."
Title: Star Trek Into Darkness | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: When the crew of the Enterprise is called back home, they find an unstoppable force of terror from within their own organization has detonated the fleet and everything it stands for, leaving our world in a state of crisis. With a personal score to settle, Captain Kirk leads a manhunt to a war-zone world to capture a one man weapon of mass destruction. As our heroes are propelled into an epic chess game of life and death, love will be challenged, friendships will be torn apart, and sacrifices must be made for the only family Kirk has left: his crew.
Title: The Walking Dead: The Journey So Far | Genres: documentary | Overview: This two-hour retrospective in which the entire cast will tell the stories of their characters from the moment they were introduced through to where they were left at the end of the last episode of season 7. Beautifully shot interviews of the cast and the EPs are punctuated by clips of the most crucial moments in the series. If someone has never seen a moment of The Walking Dead before, this special will catch them up on the plot, characters, locations, and unique terminology of the series leading up to season 8.
Title: Pandemic | Genres: action, science fiction, horror | Overview: After a virus of epic proportions overwhelms the planet—with more infected than uninfected—humanity is losing its grip on survival and its only hope is finding a cure and keeping the infected contained. Lauren, a doctor, arrives in Los Angeles with her crack team to lead the hunt for uncontaminated civilian survivors, but nothing can prepare them for the blood-soaked mayhem they witness as they head into the Californian streets where everything is considered a trap.
Title: The Hills Have Eyes | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Based on Wes Craven's 1977 suspenseful cult classic, The Hills Have Eyes is the story of a family road trip that goes terrifyingly awry when the travelers become stranded in a government atomic zone. Miles from nowhere, the Carter family soon realizes the seemingly uninhabited wasteland is actually the breeding ground of a blood-thirsty mutant family...and they are the prey.
Title: Operation Merry Christmas: The Elf Con | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: The plan of three small-time pickpockets to pull the heist of their lives during Christmas, posing as elves in a Christmas show in one of the most exclusive shopping centers in the city where they will collect private information from some wealthy families, then rob their homes while they enjoy their December vacation.
Title: Edward Scissorhands | Genres: fantasy, drama, romance | Overview: A small suburban town receives a visit from a castaway unfinished science experiment named Edward.
Title: Justice League: The Flashpoint Paradox | Genres: science fiction, animation, action, adventure | Overview: The Flash finds himself in a war-torn alternate timeline and teams up with alternate versions of his fellow heroes to restore the timeline.
"Title: The Ridiculous 6 | Genres: western, comedy | Overview: When his long-lost outlaw father returns, Tommy ""White Knife"" Stockburn goes on an adventure-filled journey across the Old West with his five brothers."
Title: Tad, the Lost Explorer | Genres: animation, comedy, adventure, family | Overview: Tad is a celebrity archaeologist and adventurer just like his hero Max Mordon... in his dreams! In reality, Tad is a Chicago construction worker. One day, however, he is mistaken for a real professor and takes his place on a flight to Peru in search of the lost city of Paititi.
"Title: Rocky II | Genres: drama | Overview: After Rocky goes the distance with champ Apollo Creed, both try to put the fight behind them and move on. Rocky settles down with Adrian but can't put his life together outside the ring, while Creed seeks a rematch to restore his reputation. Soon enough, the ""Master of Disaster"" and the ""Italian Stallion"" are set on a collision course for a climactic battle that is brutal and unforgettable."
Title: Friends: The Reunion | Genres: documentary | Overview: The cast of Friends reunites for a once-in-a-lifetime celebration of the hit series, an unforgettable evening filled with iconic memories, uncontrollable laughter, happy tears, and special guests.
Title: Independence Day | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: On July 2, a giant alien mothership enters orbit around Earth and deploys several dozen saucer-shaped 'destroyer' spacecraft that quickly lay waste to major cities around the planet. On July 3, the United States conducts a coordinated counterattack that fails. On July 4, a plan is devised to gain access to the interior of the alien mothership in space, in order to plant a nuclear missile.
Title: Being the Ricardos | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz face a crisis that could end their careers and another that could end their marriage.
Title: The Batman vs. Dracula | Genres: fantasy, animation, horror, action, thriller, science fiction, family, mystery | Overview: Gotham City is terrorized not only by recent escapees Joker and Penguin, but by the original creature of the night, Dracula! Can Batman stop the ruthless vampire before he turns everyone in the city, including The Caped Crusader, Joker and Penguin, into his mindless minions?
Title: American Wedding | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: With high school a distant memory, Jim and Michelle are getting married -- and in a hurry, since Jim's grandmother is sick and wants to see him walk down the aisle -- prompting Stifler to throw the ultimate bachelor party. And Jim's dad is reliable as ever, doling out advice no one wants to hear.
Title: Braveheart | Genres: action, drama, history, war | Overview: Enraged at the slaughter of Murron, his new bride and childhood love, Scottish warrior William Wallace slays a platoon of the local English lord's soldiers. This leads the village to revolt and, eventually, the entire country to rise up against English rule.
Title: Cloverfield | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Five young New Yorkers throw their friend a going-away party the night that a monster the size of a skyscraper descends upon the city. Told from the point of view of their video camera, the film is a document of their attempt to survive the most surreal, horrifying event of their lives.
Title: Barbie in A Mermaid Tale 2 | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Surf's up for Barbie as she returns as Merliah, the fun and fashionable surfing champion who's also a magical mermaid princess! In this exciting sea-quel, Merliah makes a splash when she heads to Australia for the ultimate surfing competition. When the evil mermaid Eris escapes from her whirlpool with plans to take over the throne of Oceana, Merliah and her sea friends dive in to stop her. It's a fresh new adventure where Merliah learns that anything is possible and she really can have the best of both worlds!
Title: Earwig and the Witch | Genres: animation, fantasy, family | Overview: A headstrong orphan discovers a world of spells and potions while living with a selfish witch.
Title: Miracle in Cell No. 7 | Genres: drama, comedy, family | Overview: Separated from his daughter, a father with an intellectual disability must prove his innocence when he is jailed for the death of a commander's child.
Title: Diary of a Nymphomaniac | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A chronicle of the life of a middle-class French girl's sexual adventures, her then fall into prostitution, and her ultimate redemption.
Title: Casper | Genres: fantasy, comedy, family | Overview: Casper is a kind young ghost who peacefully haunts a mansion in Maine. When specialist James Harvey arrives to communicate with Casper and his fellow spirits, he brings along his teenage daughter, Kat. Casper quickly falls in love with Kat, but their budding relationship is complicated not only by his transparent state, but also by his troublemaking apparition uncles and their mischievous antics.
Title: Heat | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Obsessive master thief Neil McCauley leads a top-notch crew on various daring heists throughout Los Angeles while determined detective Vincent Hanna pursues him without rest. Each man recognizes and respects the ability and the dedication of the other even though they are aware their cat-and-mouse game may end in violence.
Title: Lokillo: Nothing's the Same | Genres: comedy | Overview: Through songs and puns, comedian Lokillo Florez hilariously reviews how Latin Americans have adjusted to a new world where no-hugging policies prevail.
"Title: Batman vs. Robin | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure, animation | Overview: Damian Wayne is having a hard time coping with his father's ""no killing"" rule. Meanwhile, Gotham is going through hell with threats such as the insane Dollmaker, and the secretive Court of Owls."
Title: The Intern | Genres: comedy | Overview: 70-year-old widower Ben Whittaker has discovered that retirement isn't all it's cracked up to be. Seizing an opportunity to get back in the game, he becomes a senior intern at an online fashion site, founded and run by Jules Ostin.
Title: Skyscraper | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Framed and on the run, a former FBI agent must save his family from a blazing fire in the world's tallest building.
Title: The Smurfs 2 | Genres: fantasy, family, comedy, animation | Overview: The evil wizard Gargamel creates a couple of mischievous Smurf-like creatures called the Naughties that he hopes will let him harness the all-powerful, magical Smurf-essence. But when he discovers that only a real Smurf can give him what he wants, and only a secret spell that Smurfette knows can turn the Naughties into real Smurfs, Gargamel kidnaps Smurfette and brings her to Paris, where he has been winning the adoration of millions as the world¹s greatest sorcerer. It's up to Papa, Clumsy, Grouchy, and Vanity to return to our world, reunite with their human friends Patrick and Grace Winslow, and rescue her! Will Smurfette, who has always felt different from the other Smurfs, find a new connection with the Naughties Vexy and Hackus or will the Smurfs convince her that their love for her is True Blue?
Title: The BFG | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: The BFG is no ordinary bone-crunching giant. He is far too nice and jumbly. It's lucky for Sophie that he is. Had she been carried off in the middle of the night by the Bloodbottler, or any of the other giants—rather than the BFG—she would have soon become breakfast. When Sophie hears that the giants are flush-bunking off to England to swollomp a few nice little chiddlers, she decides she must stop them once and for all. And the BFG is going to help her!
Title: Spies in Disguise | Genres: animation, action, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Super spy Lance Sterling and scientist Walter Beckett are almost exact opposites. Lance is smooth, suave and debonair. Walter is… not. But what Walter lacks in social skills he makes up for in smarts and invention, creating the awesome gadgets Lance uses on his epic missions. But when events take an unexpected turn, Walter and Lance suddenly have to rely on each other in a whole new way.
Title: Assassin's Creed | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Through unlocked genetic memories that allow him to relive the adventures of his ancestor in 15th century Spain, Callum Lynch discovers he's a descendant of the secret 'Assassins' society. After gaining incredible knowledge and skills, he is now poised to take on the oppressive Knights Templar in the present day.
Title: Love, Rosie | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Since the moment they met at age 5, Rosie and Alex have been best friends, facing the highs and lows of growing up side by side. A fleeting shared moment, one missed opportunity, and the decisions that follow send their lives in completely different directions. As each navigates the complexities of life, love, and everything in between, they always find their way back to each other - but is it just friendship, or something more?
Title: Curse of the Blair Witch | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Mockumentary about the Blair Witch legend and the three filmmakers who disappeared in October of 1999. It first aired on the Sci-Fi Channel on July 11, 1999 as a promotional prelude to the release of The Blair Witch Project on July 30, 1999.
Title: The Invisible Guest | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Barcelona, Spain. Adrián Doria, a young and successful businessman accused of murder, meets one night with Virginia Goodman, an expert interrogation lawyer, in order to devise a defense strategy.
Title: Dragon Ball Z: Dead Zone | Genres: animation, action, fantasy | Overview: In order to wish for immortality and avenge his father, Garlic Jr. collects the dragon balls, kidnapping Goku's son Gohan in the process. Goku, Kami, Piccolo, and Krillin unite to rescue Gohan and save the world from being sucked into a dead zone.
Title: Midsommar | Genres: horror, drama, mystery | Overview: Several friends travel to Sweden to study as anthropologists a summer festival that is held every ninety years in the remote hometown of one of them. What begins as a dream vacation in a place where the sun never sets, gradually turns into a dark nightmare as the mysterious inhabitants invite them to participate in their disturbing festive activities.
Title: Mi otra yo | Genres: comedy | Overview: A controversial TV host and comedian who has built his career on sexist humor is forced to assume a woman's identity to elude a relentless drug dealer.
Title: Jeepers Creepers 3 | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: Taking place on the last day of the Creeper’s twenty-three-day feeding frenzy, as the skeptical Sergeant Tubbs teams up with a task force hellbent on destroying the Creeper for good. The Creeper fights back in gory glory as its enemies grow closer than ever before to learning the secret of its dark origins.
Title: The House with a Clock in Its Walls | Genres: fantasy, family, comedy, horror | Overview: When ten-year-old Lewis is suddenly orphaned, he is sent to live with his Uncle Jonathan in a creaky (and creepy) old mansion with a mysterious ticking noise that emanates from the walls. Upon discovering that his uncle is a warlock, Lewis begins learning magic, but when he rebelliously resurrects an evil warlock he must find the secret of the house and save the world from destruction.
Title: Wicked Minds | Genres: mystery, drama, romance, thriller | Overview: Holden returns home from college and is surprised to find his overpowering competitive father married to a much younger woman Lana. Holden quickly falls for the beauty and charisma of his step mother. A passionate affair begins between son and stepmother.
Title: P2 | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Angela, a corporate climber, gets stuck working late on Christmas Eve and finds herself the target of an unhinged security guard. With no help in sight, the woman must overcome physical and psychological challenges to survive.
Title: Child's Play 3 | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Eight years have passed since the events of the second film. Chucky has been resurrected once again and seeks revenge on Andy, his former owner, who is now a teenager enrolled in military school.
Title: Daredevil | Genres: fantasy, action | Overview: A man blinded in a childhood accident fights crime using his superhumanly-elevated remaining senses.
Title: 30 Minutes or Less | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: Two fledgling criminals kidnap a pizza delivery guy, strap a bomb to his chest, and advise him that he has mere hours to rob a bank or else...
Title: Bruised | Genres: drama | Overview: Jackie Justice is a mixed martial arts fighter who leaves the sport in disgrace. Down on her luck and simmering with rage and regret years after the fight, she's coaxed into a brutal underground fight by her manager and boyfriend Desi and grabs the attention of a fight league promoter who promises Jackie a life back in the Octagon. But the road to redemption becomes unexpectedly personal when Manny - the son she gave up as an infant - shows up at her doorstep. A triumphant story of a fighter who reclaims her power, in and out of the ring, when everyone has counted her out
"Title: Se7en | Genres: crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: Two homicide detectives are on a desperate hunt for a serial killer whose crimes are based on the ""seven deadly sins"" in this dark and haunting film that takes viewers from the tortured remains of one victim to the next. The seasoned Det. Sommerset researches each sin in an effort to get inside the killer's mind, while his novice partner, Mills, scoffs at his efforts to unravel the case."
Title: Greta | Genres: mystery, thriller, horror | Overview: A young woman returns an elderly widow’s lost purse, leading to an unlikely relationship between the two — until the young woman discovers her elder might not be all that she seems.
Title: The Boy | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: An American nanny is shocked that her new English family's boy is actually a life-sized doll. After she violates a list of strict rules, disturbing events make her believe that the doll is really alive.
Title: Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed | Genres: mystery, fantasy, adventure, comedy | Overview: When Mystery, Inc. are guests of honor at the grand opening of the Coolsville Museum of Criminology, a masked villain shows up and creates havoc before stealing the costumes of the gang's most notorious villains...Could it be that their nemesis, mad scientist Jonathan Jacobo has returned and is trying to recreate their deadliest foes?
Title: The Greatest Showman | Genres: drama | Overview: The story of American showman P.T. Barnum, founder of the circus that became the famous traveling Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus.
"Title: The Human Centipede (First Sequence) | Genres: horror | Overview: During a stopover in Germany in the middle of a carefree road trip through Europe, two American girls find themselves alone at night when their car breaks down in the woods. Searching for help at a nearby villa, they are wooed into the clutches of a deranged retired surgeon who explains his mad scientific vision to his captives' utter horror. They are to be the subjects of his sick lifetime fantasy: to be the first to connect people, one to the next, and in doing so bring to life ""the human centipede."""
Title: Clean Sex | Genres: comedy | Overview: Mariana has an obsessive cleaning habit. After starting a troubled relationship with Enrique. She must accept that sex is dirty and impulsive.
Title: Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus 3-D | Genres: animation, family, romance | Overview: Princess Annika (Barbie) escapes the clutches of the evil wizard, explores the wonders of Cloud Kingdom, and teams up with a magnificent winged horse - who turns out to be her sister, Princess Brietta - to defeat the wizard and break the spells that imprisoned her family.
Title: Bruce Almighty | Genres: fantasy, comedy | Overview: Bruce Nolan toils as a 'human interest' television reporter in Buffalo, N.Y., but despite his high ratings and the love of his beautiful girlfriend, Bruce remains unfulfilled. At the end of the worst day in his life, he angrily ridicules God—and the Almighty responds, endowing Bruce with all of His divine powers.
Title: Drag Me to Hell | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: After denying a woman the extension she needs to keep her home, loan officer Christine Brown sees her once-promising life take a startling turn for the worse. Christine is convinced she's been cursed by a Gypsy, but her boyfriend is skeptical. Her only hope seems to lie in a psychic who claims he can help her lift the curse and keep her soul from being dragged straight to hell.
Title: Looper | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: In the futuristic action thriller Looper, time travel will be invented but it will be illegal and only available on the black market. When the mob wants to get rid of someone, they will send their target 30 years into the past where a looper, a hired gun, like Joe is waiting to mop up. Joe is getting rich and life is good until the day the mob decides to close the loop, sending back Joe's future self for assassination.
Title: 1000 Miles From Christmas | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: An auditor who completely despises Christmas is sent to a small town for work, where he meets a woman determined to change his view about the holiday.
Title: Samson | Genres: action, drama, adventure | Overview: After losing the love of his life to a cruel Philistine prince, a young Hebrew with Supernatural strength defends his people, sacrificing everything to avenge his love, his people, and his God.
Title: Shooter | Genres: action, drama, mystery, thriller, crime | Overview: A marksman living in exile is coaxed back into action after learning of a plot to kill the president. Ultimately double-crossed and framed for the attempt, he goes on the run to track the real killer and find out who exactly set him up, and why??
Title: Space Pirate Captain Harlock | Genres: animation, science fiction | Overview: Space Pirate Captain Harlock and his fearless crew face off against the space invaders who seek to conquer the planet Earth.
Title: Ocean's Twelve | Genres: thriller, crime | Overview: Danny Ocean reunites with his old flame and the rest of his merry band of thieves in carrying out three huge heists in Rome, Paris and Amsterdam – but a Europol agent is hot on their heels.
Title: When Marnie Was There | Genres: animation, drama | Overview: Upon being sent to live with relatives in the countryside due to an illness, an emotionally distant adolescent girl becomes obsessed with an abandoned mansion and infatuated with a girl who lives there - a girl who may or may not be real.
Title: Green Lantern: Emerald Knights | Genres: action, adventure, animation, science fiction, drama | Overview: As the home planet of the Green Lantern Corps faces a battle with an ancient enemy, Hal Jordan prepares new recruit Arisia for the coming conflict by relating stories of the first Green Lantern and several of Hal's comrades.
Title: Annihilation | Genres: science fiction, horror | Overview: A biologist signs up for a dangerous, secret expedition into a mysterious zone where the laws of nature don't apply.
Title: Pocahontas | Genres: adventure, animation, family, romance | Overview: Pocahontas, daughter of a Native American tribe chief, falls in love with an English soldier as colonists invade 17th century Virginia.
Title: Porno | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: When a group of naive teens working at a movie theater in a small Christian town discover a mysterious film hidden in its basement, they unleash an alluring succubus who gives them a sex education…written in blood.
Title: What Happened to Monday | Genres: science fiction, thriller, drama, mystery | Overview: In a world where families are limited to one child due to overpopulation, a set of identical septuplets must avoid being put to a long sleep by the government and dangerous infighting while investigating the disappearance of one of their own.
Title: Latte and the Magic Waterstone | Genres: animation, adventure, family, comedy | Overview: When a greedy bear steals a magic stone to keep the forest’s water for himself, a brave hedgehog and a timid squirrel must work together to retrieve it.
Title: Piranha 3D | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: Each year the population of sleepy Lake Victoria, Arizona explodes from 5,000 to 50,000 residents for the annual Spring Break celebration. But then, an earthquake opens an underwater chasm, releasing an enormous swarm of ancient Piranha that have been dormant for thousands of years, now with a taste for human flesh. This year, there's something more to worry about than the usual hangovers and complaints from locals, a new type of terror is about to be cut loose on Lake Victoria.
Title: The Cabin in the Woods | Genres: horror, comedy, fantasy, thriller | Overview: Five college friends spend the weekend at a remote cabin in the woods, where they get more than they bargained for. Together, they must discover the truth behind the cabin in the woods.
Title: Sword Art Online the Movie -Progressive- Aria of a Starless Night | Genres: animation, action, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: One month after Kayaba Akihiko's game of death began, the death toll continues to rise, two thousand players having already lost their lives to the ultra-difficult VRMMO world of Sword Art Online. On the day of the strategy meeting to plan out the first-floor boss battle, Kirito, a solo player who vows to fight alone to get stronger, runs into a rare, high-level female player. She gracefully dispatches powerful monsters with a single rapier that flashes like a shooting star in the night...
Title: Friday the 13th | Genres: horror | Overview: Camp counselors are stalked and murdered by an unknown assailant while trying to reopen a summer camp that was the site of a child's drowning.
Title: Sex Doll | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: Set in London's world of high class call girls, Amoureux Solitaires tells the story of London based French escort Virginie, and Rupert, a man who rescues trafficked girls.
Title: Astro Boy | Genres: animation, action, family, science fiction | Overview: Set in the futuristic Metro City, Astro Boy (Atom) is a young robot with incredible powers created by a brilliant scientist in the image of the son he had lost. Unable to fulfill his creator's expectations, Astro embarks on a journey in search of acceptance, experiencing betrayal and a netherworld of robot gladiators, before returning to save Metro City and reconcile with the father who rejected him.
Title: Sounds Like Love | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Fashion assistant Maca has just about got her life together after a devastating breakup, when Leo, the man who broke her heart returns. Seeking support from best friends, Adriana and Jime, all three will learn love can be complicated.
Title: Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: It's been 10 years since John Connor saved Earth from Judgment Day, and he's now living under the radar, steering clear of using anything Skynet can trace. That is, until he encounters T-X, a robotic assassin ordered to finish what T-1000 started. Good thing Connor's former nemesis, the Terminator, is back to aid the now-adult Connor … just like he promised.
"Title: Re:ZERO -Starting Life in Another World- Memory Snow | Genres: animation, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Subaru and friends finally get a moment of peace, and Subaru goes on a certain secret mission that he must not let anyone find out about! However, even though Subaru is wearing a disguise, Petra and other children of the village immediately figure out who he is. Now that his mission was exposed within five seconds of it starting, what will happen with Subaru's ""date course"" with Emilia?"
Title: So Undercover | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: When the FBI hires her to go undercover at a college sorority, Molly Morris (Miley Cyrus) must transform herself from a tough, streetwise private investigator to a refined, sophisticated university girl to help protect the daughter of a one-time Mobster. With several suspects on her list, Molly unexpectedly discovers that not everyone is who they appear to be, including herself.
Title: Goosebumps | Genres: adventure, horror, comedy | Overview: After moving to a small town, Zach Cooper finds a silver lining when he meets next door neighbor Hannah, the daughter of bestselling Goosebumps series author R.L. Stine. When Zach unintentionally unleashes real monsters from their manuscripts and they begin to terrorize the town, it’s suddenly up to Stine, Zach and Hannah to get all of them back in the books where they belong.
Title: The Evil Dead | Genres: horror | Overview: When a group of college students finds a mysterious book and recording in the old wilderness cabin they've rented for the weekend, they unwittingly unleash a demonic force from the surrounding forest.
Title: The Bourne Legacy | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: New CIA operative Aaron Cross experiences life-or-death stakes that have been triggered by the previous actions of Jason Bourne.
Title: Little Women | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Four sisters come of age in America in the aftermath of the Civil War.
Title: Lev Yashin. The Dream Goalkeeper | Genres: drama | Overview: An ordinary working class boy, like all his peers, he played football day and night and dreamed of being a striker. But no matter which team he played for - in the yard, at the factory, or in the army - he was inevitably put in goal.
Title: Along with the Gods: The Two Worlds | Genres: drama, fantasy, action | Overview: Having died unexpectedly, firefighter Ja-hong is taken to the afterlife by 3 afterlife guardians. Only when he passes 7 trials over 49 days and proves he was innocent in human life, he’s able to reincarnate, and his 3 afterlife guardians are by his side to defend him in trial.
Title: Bird Box | Genres: thriller, drama, science fiction | Overview: Five years after an ominous unseen presence drives most of society to suicide, a survivor and her two children make a desperate bid to reach safety.
Title: Underworld | Genres: fantasy, action, thriller | Overview: Vampires and werewolves have waged a nocturnal war against each other for centuries. But all bets are off when a female vampire warrior named Selene, who's famous for her strength and werewolf-hunting prowess, becomes smitten with a peace-loving male werewolf, Michael, who wants to end the war.
"Title: Top Gun | Genres: action, drama, adventure | Overview: A heart-pounding combination of action, music and incredible aerial photography helped make Top Gun the blockbuster hit. of 1986. Top Gun takes a look at the danger and excitement that awaits every pilot at the Navy's prestigious fighter weapons school. Tom Cruise is superb as Lt. Pete ""Maverick"" Mitchell, a daring young flyer who's out to become the best. And Kelly McGillis sizzles as the civilian instructor who teaches Maverick a few things you can't learn in a classroom."
Title: Crazy, Stupid, Love. | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Cal Weaver is living the American dream. He has a good job, a beautiful house, great children and a beautiful wife, named Emily. Cal's seemingly perfect life unravels, however, when he learns that Emily has been unfaithful and wants a divorce. Over 40 and suddenly single, Cal is adrift in the fickle world of dating. Enter, Jacob Palmer, a self-styled player who takes Cal under his wing and teaches him how to be a hit with the ladies.
Title: The Good, the Bad and the Ugly | Genres: western | Overview: While the Civil War rages between the Union and the Confederacy, three men – a quiet loner, a ruthless hit man and a Mexican bandit – comb the American Southwest in search of a strongbox containing $200,000 in stolen gold.
Title: RED 2 | Genres: action, comedy, crime, thriller | Overview: Retired C.I.A. agent Frank Moses reunites his unlikely team of elite operatives for a global quest to track down a missing portable nuclear device.
Title: I Care a Lot | Genres: comedy, crime, thriller, drama | Overview: A court-appointed legal guardian defrauds her older clients and traps them under her care. But her latest mark comes with some unexpected baggage.
Title: The Babysitter | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: When Cole stays up past his bedtime, he discovers that his hot babysitter is part of a Satanic cult that will stop at nothing to keep him quiet.
Title: The Human Centipede 2 (Full Sequence) | Genres: drama, horror, crime | Overview: Inspired by the fictional Dr. Heiter, disturbed loner Martin dreams of creating a 12-person centipede and sets out to realize his sick fantasy.
Title: Ben-Hur | Genres: action, drama, history | Overview: In 25 AD,Judah Ben-Hur, a Jew in ancient Judea, opposes the occupying Roman empire. Falsely accused by a Roman childhood friend-turned-overlord of trying to kill the Roman governor, he is put into slavery and his mother and sister are taken away as prisoners. Three years later and freed by a grateful Roman galley commander whom he has rescued from drowning, he becomes an expert charioteer for Rome, all the while plotting to return to Judea, find and rescue his family, and avenge himself on his former friend. All the while, the form and work of Jesus move in the background of his life...
Title: The Longest Yard | Genres: comedy | Overview: Pro quarter-back, Paul Crewe and former college champion and coach, Nate Scarboro are doing time in the same prison. Asked to put together a team of inmates to take on the guards, Crewe enlists the help of Scarboro to coach the inmates to victory in a football game 'fixed' to turn out quite another way.
Title: Escape Plan 2: Hades | Genres: action | Overview: Ray Breslin manages an elite team of security specialists trained in the art of breaking people out of the world's most impenetrable prisons. When his most trusted operative, Shu Ren, is kidnapped and disappears inside the most elaborate prison ever built, Ray must track him down with the help of some of his former friends.
Title: Nanny McPhee | Genres: fantasy, comedy, family | Overview: Widower Cedric Brown hires Nanny McPhee to care for his seven rambunctious children, who have chased away all previous nannies. Taunted by Simon and his siblings, Nanny McPhee uses mystical powers to instill discipline. And when the children's great-aunt and benefactor, Lady Adelaide Stitch, threatens to separate the kids, the family pulls together under the guidance of Nanny McPhee.
Title: Tinker Bell and the Great Fairy Rescue | Genres: animation, adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: During a summer stay on the mainland, Tinker Bell is accidentally discovered while investigating a little girl's fairy house. As the other fairies, led by the brash Vidia, launch a daring rescue in the middle of a fierce storm, Tink develops a special bond with the lonely, little girl.
Title: Bloodshot | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: After he and his wife are murdered, marine Ray Garrison is resurrected by a team of scientists. Enhanced with nanotechnology, he becomes a superhuman, biotech killing machine—'Bloodshot'. As Ray first trains with fellow super-soldiers, he cannot recall anything from his former life. But when his memories flood back and he remembers the man that killed both him and his wife, he breaks out of the facility to get revenge, only to discover that there's more to the conspiracy than he thought.
Title: Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace | Genres: adventure, action, science fiction | Overview: Anakin Skywalker, a young slave strong with the Force, is discovered on Tatooine. Meanwhile, the evil Sith have returned, enacting their plot for revenge against the Jedi.
Title: Poltergeist | Genres: horror | Overview: A family's suburban home is invaded by angry spirits. When the terrifying apparitions escalate their attacks and take the youngest daughter, the family must come together to rescue her.
Title: Meet the Robinsons | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Lewis, a brilliant young inventor, is keen on creating a time machine to find his mother, who abandoned him in an orphanage. Things take a turn when he meets Wilbur Robinson and his family.
Title: Hot Girls Wanted | Genres: documentary | Overview: A first-ever look at the realities of the professional “amateur” porn world and the steady stream of 18-to-19-year old girls entering into it.
Title: The Divine Fury | Genres: action, horror | Overview: After waking up with mysterious wounds on his hands, a champion fighter finds himself in an otherworldly battle against evil forces that wreak havoc in the human world.
Title: Lawless | Genres: crime, drama, western | Overview: Set in the Depression-era Franklin County, Virginia, a bootlegging gang is threatened by authorities who want a cut of their profits.
Title: The Unborn | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: A young woman fights the spirit that is slowly taking possession of her.
Title: Cadaver | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: In the aftermath of a nuclear disaster, a starving family find hope in a charismatic hotel owner. Lured by the prospect of a free dinner, they discover that the evening's entertainment blurs the lines between performance and reality. Will they wind up the spectators or the spectacle?
Title: Out of Death | Genres: crime, action, thriller | Overview: As Shannon - a woman who wants to put her father's ashes away in the woods - witnesses a corrupt cop dealing drugs with a junkie, she has to try and run away after she gets rampaged by two discreditable cops after they see her taking secret photographs of their crime maneuver. They then do a cat-and-mouse game around the woods as Shannon teams up with a retired sheriff along the way for more reinforcement. It's just a diversion of survival and egalitarianism.
Title: Sex, Party and Lies | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A youth group is preparing for what will be the summer of their life, including secrets, lies, sex, confusion, evenings and holidays.
Title: Black as Night | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A teenage girl with self-esteem issues finds confidence in the most unlikely way, by spending her summer battling vampires that prey on New Orleans' disenfranchised with the help of her best friend, the boy she's always pined for, and a peculiar rich girl.
Title: PAW Patrol: Mighty Pups | Genres: adventure, animation, family, action | Overview: When their latest scheme goes awry, Mayor Humdinger and his nephew Harold accidentally divert a meteor towards Adventure Bay. The meteor's golden energy grants the PAW Patrol superpowers. The heroic Mighty Pups are on a roll to super-save the day.
Title: Cursed | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: In Los Angeles, siblings Ellie and Jimmy come across an accident on Mulholland Drive. As they try to help the woman caught in the wreckage, a ferocious creature attacks them, devouring the woman and scratching the terrified siblings. They slowly discover that the creature was a werewolf and that they have fallen victim to a deadly curse.
Title: The Day After Tomorrow | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, thriller | Overview: After years of increases in the greenhouse effect, havoc is wreaked globally in the form of catastrophic hurricanes, tornadoes, tidal waves, floods and the beginning of a new Ice Age. Paleoclimatologist, Jack Hall tries to warn the world while also shepherding to safety his son, trapped in New York after the city is overwhelmed by the start of the new big freeze.
Title: The Osiris Child | Genres: science fiction | Overview: Set in the future in a time of interplanetary colonization, an unlikely pair race against an impending global crisis and are confronted by the monsters that live inside us all.
Title: The Green Knight | Genres: adventure, drama, fantasy | Overview: An epic fantasy adventure based on the timeless Arthurian legend, The Green Knight tells the story of Sir Gawain, King Arthur's reckless and headstrong nephew, who embarks on a daring quest to confront the eponymous Green Knight, a gigantic emerald-skinned stranger and tester of men.
Title: The Card Counter | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: William Tell just wants to play cards. His spartan existence on the casino trail is shattered when he is approached by Cirk, a vulnerable and angry young man seeking help to execute his plan for revenge on a military colonel. Tell sees a chance at redemption through his relationship with Cirk. But keeping Cirk on the straight-and-narrow proves impossible, dragging Tell back into the darkness of his past.
Title: A Dog's Way Home | Genres: drama, adventure, family | Overview: The adventure of Bella, a dog who embarks on an epic 400-mile journey home after she is separated from her beloved human.
Title: Source Code | Genres: thriller, science fiction, mystery | Overview: When decorated soldier Captain Colter Stevens wakes up in the body of an unknown man, he discovers he's part of a mission to find the bomber of a Chicago commuter train.
Title: Minions | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: Minions Stuart, Kevin and Bob are recruited by Scarlet Overkill, a super-villain who, alongside her inventor husband Herb, hatches a plot to take over the world.
Title: My Extraordinary Summer With Tess | Genres: drama | Overview: As the youngest of the family, Sam is haunted by the notion that someday he could become the last remaining survivor, all alone. On a family vacation at the beach, he meets the unconventional Tess, who carries her own secrets around with her and shows him how the present moment can win out over memories and anxiety about what’s yet to come.
Title: Parasyte: Part 2 | Genres: science fiction, horror | Overview: Alien pods come to Earth and, naturally, start taking over Human Hosts. One such pod only manages to take over one human's, Shin Izumi, right arm. Together they grow and co-exist, all the while the other aliens are making meals of other humans; Shin feels he must put a stop to it all, but his alien, Migi, doesn't see why.
Title: Mortal Kombat Legends: Scorpion's Revenge | Genres: animation, action, fantasy | Overview: After the vicious slaughter of his family by stone-cold mercenary Sub-Zero, Hanzo Hasashi is exiled to the torturous Netherrealm. There, in exchange for his servitude to the sinister Quan Chi, he’s given a chance to avenge his family – and is resurrected as Scorpion, a lost soul bent on revenge. Back on Earthrealm, Lord Raiden gathers a team of elite warriors – Shaolin monk Liu Kang, Special Forces officer Sonya Blade and action star Johnny Cage – an unlikely band of heroes with one chance to save humanity. To do this, they must defeat Shang Tsung’s horde of Outworld gladiators and reign over the Mortal Kombat tournament.
Title: Superman/Batman: Apocalypse | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure, animation, family | Overview: Batman discovers a mysterious teen-aged girl with superhuman powers and a connection to Superman. When the girl comes to the attention of Darkseid, the evil overlord of Apokolips, events take a decidedly dangerous turn.
Title: The Amityville Harvest | Genres: horror | Overview: While staying at an aging manor to research its liquor-smuggling history, Christina and her documentary video team interview their spooky host Vincent—but no one can capture his image or voice on video. After shocking dreams and bloody encounters, the crew members fall under Victor’s hypnotic spell.
Title: The Mortuary Collection | Genres: fantasy, horror | Overview: In the phantasmagorical town of Raven's End, a misguided young girl takes refuge in a decrepit old mortuary. The eccentric undertaker chronicles the strange history of the town through a series of twisted tales, each more terrifying than the last, but the young girl's world is unhinged when she discovers that the final story... is her own.
Title: Paranormal Activity: Tokyo Night | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Koichi takes care of his sister, who has recently returned from a trip abroad in the United States as she is not well. While caring for her, he records evidence of ghosts in their home.
Title: Naruto: Legend of the Stone of Gelel | Genres: animation, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Naruto, Shikamaru, and Sakura are executing their mission of delivering a lost pet to a certain village. However, right in the midst of things, troops led by the mysterious knight, Temujin, attack them. In the violent battle, the three become separated. Temujin challenges Naruto to a fight and at the end of the fierce battle, both fall together from a high cliff...
Title: Justice League: War | Genres: animation, action | Overview: The world is under attack by an alien armada led by the powerful Apokoliptian, Darkseid. A group of superheroes consisting of Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, The Flash, Green Lantern, Cyborg, and Shazam must set aside their differences and gather together to defend Earth.
Title: Wrong Turn 6: Last Resort | Genres: horror | Overview: A sudden and mysterious inheritance brings Danny and his friends to Hobb Springs, a forgotten resort deep in the West Virginia hills. Hobb Springs is being looked after under the watchful care of Jackson and Sally, a socially awkward couple who introduce Danny to the long lost family he's never known. A clan by the name of Hillicker. But soon Danny learns his relatives have a different way of living, that for generations, the Hillickers have observed ancient traditions rooted in cannibalism and other taboo rituals.
Title: Ben 10 Alien Swarm | Genres: adventure | Overview: Ben and a mysterious girl from his past must prevent an alien threat from destroying the world.
Title: The Monkey King | Genres: action, adventure, family | Overview: Sun Wukong is a monkey born from a heavenly stone who acquires supernatural powers. After rebelling against heaven and being imprisoned under a mountain for 500 years, he later accompanies the monk Xuanzang on a journey to India. Thus, according to legend, Buddhism is brought to ancient China.
Title: Scooby-Doo! and the Reluctant Werewolf | Genres: animation, comedy, family, mystery, tv movie | Overview: Shaggy is turned into a werewolf, and it's up to Scooby, Scrappy and Shaggy's girlfriend to help him win a race against other monsters, and become human again.
Title: Halo Legends | Genres: animation, war, drama | Overview: The universe of the Halo video game series is expanded in seven short animated films from Japan's greatest anime directors and studios.
Title: 1917 | Genres: war, drama, action, thriller | Overview: At the height of the First World War, two young British soldiers must cross enemy territory and deliver a message that will stop a deadly attack on hundreds of soldiers.
Title: Dragonheart: Vengeance | Genres: fantasy, action, adventure | Overview: Lukas, a young farmer whose family is killed by savage raiders in the countryside, sets out on an epic quest for revenge, forming an unlikely trio with a majestic dragon and a swashbuckling, sword-fighting mercenary, Darius.
Title: Kakegurui: The Movie | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Hyakkaou Private Academy. An institution for the privileged with a very peculiar curriculum. You see, when you're the sons and daughters of the wealthiest of the wealthy, it's not athletic prowess or book smarts that keep you ahead. It's reading your opponent, the art of the deal. What better way to hone those skills than with a rigorous curriculum of gambling? At Hyakkaou Private Academy, the winners live like kings, and the losers are put through the wringer. But when Yumeko Jabami enrolls, she's gonna teach these kids what a high roller really looks like!
Title: Ice Age: The Great Egg-Scapade | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family, tv movie | Overview: A harried prehistoric bird mother entrusts her precious, soon-to-hatch egg to Sid. When she recommends him to her neighbours, business booms at his new egg-sitting service. However, dastardly pirate bunny, Squint, who is seeking revenge on the herd, steals, camouflages and hides all the eggs. Once again, with Squint’s twin brother assisting, Manny, Diego and the rest of the gang come to the rescue and take off on a daring mission that turns into the world’s first Easter egg hunt.
Title: Salò, or the 120 Days of Sodom | Genres: war, drama, horror | Overview: Four corrupted fascist libertines round up 9 teenage boys and girls and subject them to 120 days of sadistic physical, mental and sexual torture.
Title: Smallfoot | Genres: family, animation, adventure, fantasy | Overview: A bright young yeti finds something he thought didn't exist—a human. News of this “smallfoot” throws the simple yeti community into an uproar over what else might be out there in the big world beyond their snowy village.
Title: Barbie Mariposa | Genres: animation, fantasy, family | Overview: Elina, heroine of the Fairytopia films tells her friend Bibble the story of Flutterfield, a faraway kingdom populated by fairies with butterfly wings. Henna, the evil butterfly fairy has poisoned the queen of Flutterfield in an attempt to take over the kingdom.
Title: The Last Warrior: A Messenger of Darkness | Genres: fantasy, adventure | Overview: Now that Ivan is about to turn 21, he is now grown up and finally old enough to marry the beautiful Vasilisa. But when Vasilisa is kidnapped and trapped in modern Moscow, Ivan and his friends must travel to the present day to rescue her.
Title: Transformers: Rise of the Beasts | Genres: action, science fiction, adventure | Overview: The origin story for Optimus Prime and how he became the leader of the Autobots, and introduces the Maximals, the Predacons, and the Terrorcons.
Title: Top Gun: Maverick | Genres: action, drama | Overview: After more than thirty years of service as one of the Navy's top aviators, Pete Mitchell is where he belongs, pushing the envelope as a courageous test pilot and dodging the advancement in rank that would ground him.
Title: GoodFellas | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: The true story of Henry Hill, a half-Irish, half-Sicilian Brooklyn kid who is adopted by neighbourhood gangsters at an early age and climbs the ranks of a Mafia family under the guidance of Jimmy Conway.
Title: Monsters vs Aliens | Genres: animation, family, adventure, science fiction | Overview: When Susan Murphy is unwittingly clobbered by a meteor full of outer space gunk on her wedding day, she mysteriously grows to 49-feet-11-inches. The military jumps into action and captures Susan, secreting her away to a covert government compound. She is renamed Ginormica and placed in confinement with a ragtag group of Monsters...
Title: 6 Bullets | Genres: thriller, action, crime | Overview: An ex-mercenary known for finding missing children is hired by a mixed martial arts fighter whose daughter has been kidnapped.
Title: The Rebound | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Upon discovering her husband's infidelity, Sandy leaves the suburbs and moves into the city. There, she befriends Aram, a guy whose wife only married him so she could get a green card. Sandy hires Aram to be her nanny, and it isn't long until Aram and Sandy find out they get along wonderfully and start to date. But is their relationship real or is it, in fact, just a rebound for both of them?
Title: Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind | Genres: adventure, animation, fantasy | Overview: After a global war, the seaside kingdom known as the Valley of the Wind remains one of the last strongholds on Earth untouched by a poisonous jungle and the powerful insects that guard it. Led by the courageous Princess Nausicaä, the people of the Valley engage in an epic struggle to restore the bond between humanity and Earth.
Title: Passengers | Genres: drama, romance, science fiction | Overview: A spacecraft traveling to a distant colony planet and transporting thousands of people has a malfunction in its sleep chambers. As a result, two passengers are awakened 90 years early.
Title: Blackhat | Genres: crime, thriller, action | Overview: A man is released from prison to help American and Chinese authorities pursue a mysterious cyber criminal. The dangerous search leads them from Chicago to Hong Kong.
Title: A History of Violence | Genres: drama, thriller, crime | Overview: An average family is thrust into the spotlight after the father commits a seemingly self-defense murder at his diner.
Title: Chernobyl Diaries | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A group of six tourists looking to go off the beaten path, hire an 'extreme tour guide' who, ignoring warnings, takes them into the city of Pripyat, the former home to the workers of the Chernobyl nuclear reactor, but now a deserted town since the disaster more than 25 years earlier. After a brief exploration of the abandoned city, the group members find themselves stranded, only to discover that they are not alone.
Title: A Clockwork Orange | Genres: science fiction, drama | Overview: In a near-future Britain, young Alexander DeLarge and his pals get their kicks beating and raping anyone they please. When not destroying the lives of others, Alex swoons to the music of Beethoven. The state, eager to crack down on juvenile crime, gives an incarcerated Alex the option to undergo an invasive procedure that'll rob him of all personal agency. In a time when conscience is a commodity, can Alex change his tune?
Title: Barbie and the Three Musketeers | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Corinne (Barbie) is a young country girl who heads to Paris to pursue her big dream – to become a female musketeer! Never could she imagine she would meet three other girls who secretly share the same dream! Using their special talents, the girls work together as a team to foil a plot and save the prince. It's all for one and one for all!
Title: A Star Is Born | Genres: drama, romance, music | Overview: Seasoned musician Jackson Maine discovers — and falls in love with — struggling artist Ally. She has just about given up on her dream to make it big as a singer — until Jack coaxes her into the spotlight. But even as Ally's career takes off, the personal side of their relationship is breaking down, as Jack fights an ongoing battle with his own internal demons.
Title: A Dog's Journey | Genres: family, adventure, drama | Overview: A dog finds the meaning of his own existence through the lives of the humans he meets.
Title: Tomb Raider | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Lara Croft, the fiercely independent daughter of a missing adventurer, must push herself beyond her limits when she finds herself on the island where her father disappeared.
Title: Storks | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: Storks deliver babies…or at least they used to. Now they deliver packages for a global internet retail giant. Junior, the company’s top delivery stork, is about to be promoted when he accidentally activates the Baby Making Machine, producing an adorable and wholly unauthorized baby girl...
Title: Parasyte: Part 1 | Genres: science fiction, horror | Overview: Alien pods come to Earth and, naturally, start taking over Human Hosts. One such pod only manages to take over one human's, Shin Izumi, right arm. Together they grow and co-exist, all the while the other aliens are making meals of other humans; Shin feels he must put a stop to it all, but his alien, Migi, doesn't see why.
Title: The House of Flowers: The Movie | Genres: drama | Overview: The De La Mora siblings concoct a mischievous plan to break into their old family home to retrieve a hidden treasure of significant importance.
Title: Puss in Boots | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Long before he even met Shrek, the notorious fighter, lover and outlaw Puss in Boots becomes a hero when he sets off on an adventure with the tough and street smart Kitty Softpaws and the mastermind Humpty Dumpty to save his town. This is the true story of The Cat, The Myth, The Legend... The Boots.
Title: The Game Plan | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Bachelor football star Joe Kingman seems to have it all. He is wealthy and carefree, and his team is on the way to capturing a championship. Suddenly, he is tackled by some unexpected news: He has a young daughter, the result of a last fling with his ex-wife. Joe must learn to balance his personal and professional lives with the needs of his child.
Title: Cold Pursuit | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: The quiet family life of Nels Coxman, a snowplow driver, is upended after his son's murder. Nels begins a vengeful hunt for Viking, the drug lord he holds responsible for the killing, eliminating Viking's associates one by one. As Nels draws closer to Viking, his actions bring even more unexpected and violent consequences, as he proves that revenge is all in the execution.
Title: Dragon Ball Z: Gather Together! Goku's World | Genres: action, animation, adventure | Overview: In this OVA, Goku and his friends pose questions for the viewers about the Dragon Ball series.
Title: The Lorax | Genres: animation, family | Overview: A 12-year-old boy searches for the one thing that will enable him to win the affection of the girl of his dreams. To find it he must discover the story of the Lorax, the grumpy yet charming creature who fights to protect his world.
Title: Neon Genesis Evangelion: The End of Evangelion | Genres: drama, science fiction, animation, action | Overview: The second of two theatrically released follow-ups to the Neon Genesis Evangelion series. Comprising of two alternate episodes which were first intended to take the place of episodes 25 and 26, this finale answers many of the questions surrounding the series, while also opening up some new possibilities.
Title: Child's Play 2 | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: When Andy's mother is admitted to a psychiatric hospital, the young boy is placed in foster care, and Chucky, determined to claim Andy's soul, is not far behind.
Title: Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind | Genres: science fiction, drama, romance | Overview: Joel Barish, heartbroken that his girlfriend underwent a procedure to erase him from her memory, decides to do the same. However, as he watches his memories of her fade away, he realises that he still loves her, and may be too late to correct his mistake.
Title: I Spit on Your Grave III: Vengeance is Mine | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Jennifer Hills is still tormented by the brutal sexual assault she endured years ago. She’s changed identities and cities, reluctantly joining a support group where she begins to piece together a new life. But when her new friend’s murderer goes free and the tales of serial rapists haunt her, Jennifer will hunt down the men responsible and do what the system won’t – make them pay for their crimes in the most horrific ways imaginable. Only this time, no jury may be able to save her.
Title: My Son | Genres: crime, drama, mystery | Overview: When a man's only son goes missing, he travels to the town where his ex-wife lives in search of answers. To play a man whose life is clouded by mystery, McAvoy will not be given a script of dialogue.
Title: The Lego Movie | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: An ordinary Lego mini-figure, mistakenly thought to be the extraordinary MasterBuilder, is recruited to join a quest to stop an evil Lego tyrant from gluing the universe together.
Title: Ghosts of War | Genres: horror, thriller, war, fantasy | Overview: A group of World War II American soldiers encounter a supernatural enemy as they occupy a French castle previously under Nazi control.
Title: Digimon Adventure: Last Evolution Kizuna | Genres: animation, action, thriller, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Tai is now a university student, living alone, working hard at school, and working every day, but with his future still undecided. Meanwhile, Matt and others continue to work on Digimon incidents and activities that help people with their partner Digimon. When an unprecedented phenomenon occurs, the DigiDestined discover that when they grow up, their relationship with their partner Digimon will come closer to an end. As a countdown timer activates on the Digivice, they realize that the more they fight with their partner Digimon, the faster their bond breaks. Will they fight for others and lose their partner? The time to choose and decide is approaching fast. There is a short time before “chosen children” will become adults. This is the last adventure of Tai and Agumon.
Title: Born to Race: Fast Track | Genres: action | Overview: Danny Krueger is a twenty-year old drag racer who plays by his own rules. After winning a scholarship to the prestigious Fast Lane Racing Academy, Danny finds himself competing against some of the fiercest young drivers in the world. Tension soars on and off the track, and a terrible incident leaves Danny without a racing partner. Facing dismissal from the academy, Danny is forced to team up with an old rival. The pair must learn to set aside their differences as they vie for rookie spots on a professional racing team.
Title: Quantum of Solace | Genres: adventure, action, thriller, crime | Overview: Quantum of Solace continues the adventures of James Bond after Casino Royale. Betrayed by Vesper, the woman he loved, 007 fights the urge to make his latest mission personal. Pursuing his determination to uncover the truth, Bond and M interrogate Mr. White, who reveals that the organization that blackmailed Vesper is far more complex and dangerous than anyone had imagined.
Title: The Lovely Bones | Genres: fantasy, drama | Overview: After being brutally murdered, 14-year-old Susie Salmon watches from heaven over her grief-stricken family -- and her killer. As she observes their daily lives, she must balance her thirst for revenge with her desire for her family to heal.
Title: No Escape | Genres: thriller | Overview: In their new overseas home, an American family soon finds themselves caught in the middle of a coup, and they frantically look for a safe escape in an environment where foreigners are being immediately executed.
Title: The Curious Case of Benjamin Button | Genres: drama, fantasy, romance | Overview: I was born under unusual circumstances. And so begins. The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, adapted from the 1920s story by F. Scott Fitzgerald about a man who is born in his eighties and ages backwards: a man, like any of us, who is unable to stop time. We follow his story, set in New Orleans, from the end of World War I in 1918 into the 21st century, following his journey that is as unusual as any man's life can be. Directed by David Fincher and starring Brad Pitt and Cate Blanchett with Taraji P. Henson, Tilda Swinton, Jason Flemyng, Elias Koteas and Julia Ormond, Benjamin Button, is a grand tale of a not-so-ordinary man and the people and places he discovers along the way, the loves he finds, the joys of life and the sadness of death, and what lasts beyond time.
Title: 12 Hour Shift | Genres: thriller, horror, comedy, crime | Overview: It's 1999 and over the course of one 12-hour shift at an Arkansas hospital, a junkie nurse, her scheming cousin and a group of black market organ-trading criminals start a heist that could lead to their collective demise.
Title: Toy Story That Time Forgot | Genres: animation, family, adventure, comedy | Overview: During a post-Christmas play date, the gang find themselves in uncharted territory when the coolest set of action figures ever turn out to be dangerously delusional. It's all up to Trixie, the triceratops, if the gang hopes to return to Bonnie's room in this Toy Story That Time Forgot.
Title: Justice League: Gods and Monsters | Genres: action, animation, fantasy | Overview: In an alternate universe, very different versions of DC's Trinity fight against the government after they are framed for an embassy bombing.
Title: All About Sex | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Three friends in their mid-20s struggle to navigate their professional and personal lives, colliding head on with the messy, hilarious and dreadful growing pangs of adulthood.
"Title: Rings | Genres: horror | Overview: Julia becomes worried about her boyfriend, Holt when he explores the dark urban legend of a mysterious videotape said to kill the watcher seven days after viewing. She sacrifices herself to save her boyfriend and in doing so makes a horrifying discovery: there is a ""movie within the movie"" that no one has ever seen before."
Title: I Am Sam | Genres: drama | Overview: Sam, a neurodivergent man, has a daughter with a homeless woman who abandons them when they leave the hospital, leaving Sam to raise Lucy on his own. But as Lucy grows up, Sam's limitations as a parent start to become a problem and the authorities take her away. Sam convinces high-priced lawyer Rita to take his case pro bono and in turn teaches her the value of love and family.
Title: Who Framed Roger Rabbit | Genres: fantasy, animation, comedy, crime, family | Overview: 'Toon star Roger is worried that his wife Jessica is playing pattycake with someone else, so the studio hires detective Eddie Valiant to snoop on her. But the stakes are quickly raised when Marvin Acme is found dead and Roger is the prime suspect.
Title: Don Jon | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: A New Jersey guy dedicated to his family, friends, and church, develops unrealistic expectations from watching porn and works to find happiness and intimacy with his potential true love.
Title: Mr. Peabody & Sherman | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: A young boy and his dog, who happens to have a genius-level IQ, spring into action when their time-machine is stolen and moments in history begin to be changed.
Title: Hulk | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: Bruce Banner, a genetics researcher with a tragic past, suffers massive radiation exposure in his laboratory that causes him to transform into a raging green monster when he gets angry.
Title: Romance | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Although deeply in love with her boyfriend — and indeed sleeping in the same bed with him — a schoolteacher cannot handle the almost complete lack of intimacy he will allow. Increasingly frustrated, she gradually finds her sexual appetites leading her into ever more risky situations, including a developing one with the headmaster.
Title: Rocky III | Genres: drama | Overview: Now the world champion, Rocky Balboa is living in luxury and only fighting opponents who pose no threat to him in the ring, until Clubber Lang challenges him to a bout. After taking a pounding from Lang, the humbled champ turns to former bitter rival Apollo Creed for a rematch with Lang.
Title: Psycho Goreman | Genres: science fiction, comedy, horror | Overview: Siblings Mimi and Luke unwittingly resurrect an ancient alien overlord. Using a magical amulet, they force the monster to obey their childish whims, and accidentally attract a rogues’ gallery of intergalactic assassins to small-town suburbia.
"Title: Guardians | Genres: action, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: During the Cold War, an organization called ""Patriot"" created a super-hero squad, which includes members of multiple soviet republics. For years, the heroes had to hide their identities, but in hard times they must show themselves again."
Title: Leprechaun | Genres: comedy, horror, thriller | Overview: A horrific Leprechaun goes on a rampage after his precious bag of gold coins is stolen. He uses all of his magical destructive powers to trick, terrorize and kill anyone who is unlucky enough to hinder his relentless search. In a frantic attempt to survive the wrath of the Leprechaun, Tori and her friends scramble to find the only weapon known to kill this Irish monster...a four-leaf clover.
Title: Goosebumps 2: Haunted Halloween | Genres: adventure, comedy, fantasy, family, horror | Overview: Two boys face an onslaught from witches, monsters, ghouls and a talking dummy after they discover a mysterious book by author R. L. Stine.
Title: Taxi Driver | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: A mentally unstable Vietnam War veteran works as a night-time taxi driver in New York City where the perceived decadence and sleaze feed his urge for violent action, attempting to save a preadolescent prostitute in the process.
Title: Robin Hood | Genres: animation, family | Overview: With King Richard off to the Crusades, Prince John and his slithering minion, Sir Hiss, set about taxing Nottingham's citizens with support from the corrupt sheriff - and staunch opposition by the wily Robin Hood and his band of merry men.
"Title: Meet Joe Black | Genres: fantasy, drama, romance | Overview: When the grim reaper comes to collect the soul of megamogul Bill Parrish, he arrives with a proposition: Host him for a ""vacation"" among the living in trade for a few more days of existence. Parrish agrees, and using the pseudonym Joe Black, Death begins taking part in Parrish's daily agenda and falls in love with the man's daughter. Yet when Black's holiday is over, so is Parrish's life."
Title: V for Vendetta | Genres: action, thriller, fantasy | Overview: In a world in which Great Britain has become a fascist state, a masked vigilante known only as “V” conducts guerrilla warfare against the oppressive British government. When V rescues a young woman from the secret police, he finds in her an ally with whom he can continue his fight to free the people of Britain.
Title: Neighbors | Genres: comedy | Overview: A couple with a newborn baby face unexpected difficulties after they are forced to live next to a fraternity house.
Title: Sinbad: Legend of the Seven Seas | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy, fantasy, action | Overview: The sailor of legend is framed by the goddess Eris for the theft of the Book of Peace, and must travel to her realm at the end of the world to retrieve it and save the life of his childhood friend Prince Proteus.
Title: Tangled Ever After | Genres: animation, comedy, action, family | Overview: The kingdom is in a festive mood as everyone gathers for the royal wedding of Rapunzel and Flynn. However, when Pascal and Maximus, as flower chameleon and ring bearer, respectively, lose the gold bands, a frenzied search and recovery mission gets underway. As the desperate duo tries to find the rings before anyone discovers that they’re missing, they leave behind a trail of comical chaos that includes flying lanterns, a flock of doves, a wine barrel barricade and a very sticky finale. Will Maximus and Pascal save the day and make it to the church in time? And will they ever get Flynn’s nose right?
Title: 2 Guns | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: A DEA agent and an undercover Naval Intelligence officer who have been tasked with investigating one another find they have been set up by the mob -- the very organization the two men believe they have been stealing money from.
Title: The Other Woman | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: After discovering her boyfriend is married, Carly soon meets the wife he's been cheating on. And when yet another affair is discovered, all three women team up to plot mutual revenge on the three-timing SOB.
Title: Cast Away | Genres: adventure, drama | Overview: Chuck Nolan, a top international manager for FedEx, and Kelly, a Ph.D. student, are in love and heading towards marriage. Then Chuck's plane to Malaysia crashes at sea during a terrible storm. He's the only survivor, and finds himself marooned on a desolate island. With no way to escape, Chuck must find ways to survive in his new home.
"Title: Resident Evil: Damnation | Genres: animation, horror, action | Overview: U.S. federal agent Leon S. Kennedy sneaks into the ""East Slavic Republic"" to verify rumors that Bio-Organic Weapons (BOWs) are being used in the country's civil war, which the U.S. and Russia are making preparations to jointly intervene in. Right after his infiltration, the U.S. government orders him to leave immediately. Determined to uncover the truth, Leon ignores the order and enters the battlefield to end the chain of tragedies caused by the BOWs."
"Title: Operation Y and Other Shurik's Adventures | Genres: comedy | Overview: The film consists of three independent parts: ""Workmate"", ""Déjà vu"" and ""Operation Y"". The plot follows the adventures of Shurik (alternative spelling — Shourick), the naive and nerdy Soviet student who often gets into ludicrous situations but always finds a way out very neatly. ""Operation Y and Shurik's Other Adventures"" was a hit movie and became the leader of Soviet film distribution in 1965."
Title: Sherlock Holmes | Genres: action, adventure, crime, mystery | Overview: Eccentric consulting detective Sherlock Holmes and Doctor John Watson battle to bring down a new nemesis and unravel a deadly plot that could destroy England.
Title: Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: In their quest to confront the ultimate evil, Percy and his friends battle swarms of mythical creatures to find the mythical Golden Fleece and to stop an ancient evil from rising.
"Title: Hunter x Hunter: The Last Mission | Genres: adventure, animation, action, fantasy | Overview: Isaac Netero is the chairman of the Hunter Association. Decades ago he sealed away Jed, a Hunter who had mastered the use of On, the dark ""shadow"" of Nen. Now On users have reappeared at the Heaven's Arena ""Battle Olympia"" tournament. For Netero, this is the last mission: to protect the Association and the world from a threat driven by hatred and the thirst for revenge. And he's going to need all the help he can get in order to succeed."
Title: Saw V | Genres: horror, thriller, crime | Overview: Detective Hoffman is seemingly the last person alive to carry on the Jigsaw legacy. But when his secret is threatened, he must go on the hunt to eliminate all the loose ends.
Title: The Pianist | Genres: drama, war | Overview: The true story of pianist Władysław Szpilman's experiences in Warsaw during the Nazi occupation. When the Jews of the city find themselves forced into a ghetto, Szpilman finds work playing in a café; and when his family is deported in 1942, he stays behind, works for a while as a laborer, and eventually goes into hiding in the ruins of the war-torn city.
Title: BIA: An Upside Down World | Genres: comedy, drama, family | Overview: In this alternate world, Bia and Manuel will have a tempestuous relationship. Pixie, the hateful and stunning owner of Laix, decides to buy the Fundom. The great conflict erupts when Pixie announces a concert. This will have Bia and Helena, who in this upside down universe are divas and rivals, fighting to be the headliner in the final show.
Title: Sin Nombre | Genres: drama, action, thriller, crime | Overview: Sayra, a Honduran teen, hungers for a better life. Her chance for one comes when she is reunited with her long-estranged father, who intends to emigrate to Mexico and then enter the United States. Sayra's life collides with a pair of Mexican gangmembers who have boarded the same American-bound train.
Title: Intersect | Genres: horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A group of young Miskatonic University scientists invent a time machine, only to learn that they are being manipulated by mysterious, unseen forces from another dimension.
Title: Paranormal Activity 3 | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: In 1988, young sisters Katie and Kristi befriend an invisible entity who resides in their home.
Title: Kingsglaive: Final Fantasy XV | Genres: animation, science fiction, action | Overview: The magical kingdom of Lucis is home to the world’s last remaining Crystal, and the menacing empire of Niflheim is determined to steal it. King Regis of Lucis commands an elite force of soldiers called the Kingsglaive. Wielding their king’s magic, they fight to protect Lucis. As the overwhelming military might of the empire bears down, King Regis is faced with an impossible ultimatum – to marry his son, Prince Noctis to Princess Lunafreya of Tenebrae, captive of Niflheim, and surrender his lands to Niflheim rule. Although the king concedes, it becomes clear that the empire will stop at nothing to achieve their devious goals, with only the Kingsglaive standing between them and world domination.
Title: Death Race: Beyond Anarchy | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Black Ops specialist Connor Gibson infiltrates a maximum security prison to take down legendary driver Frankenstein in a violent and brutal car race.
Title: Black Hawk Down | Genres: action, history, war | Overview: When U.S. Rangers and an elite Delta Force team attempt to kidnap two underlings of a Somali warlord, their Black Hawk helicopters are shot down, and the Americans suffer heavy casualties, facing intense fighting from the militia on the ground.
Title: Saw VI | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: Special Agent Strahm is dead, and Detective Hoffman has emerged as the unchallenged successor to Jigsaw's legacy. However, when the FBI draws closer to Hoffman, he is forced to set a game into motion, and Jigsaw's grand scheme is finally understood.
Title: Silver Linings Playbook | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: After spending eight months in a mental institution, a former teacher moves back in with his parents and tries to reconcile with his ex-wife.
Title: It's a Wonderful Life | Genres: drama, family, fantasy | Overview: A holiday favourite for generations... George Bailey has spent his entire life giving to the people of Bedford Falls. All that prevents rich skinflint Mr. Potter from taking over the entire town is George's modest building and loan company. But on Christmas Eve the business's $8,000 is lost and George's troubles begin.
Title: Robots | Genres: animation, comedy, family, science fiction | Overview: Rodney Copperbottom is a young robot inventor who dreams of making the world a better place, until the evil Ratchet takes over Big Weld Industries. Now, Rodney's dreams – and those of his friends – are in danger of becoming obsolete.
Title: Kama Sutra: A Tale of Love | Genres: drama, history, romance | Overview: Tara and Maya are two inseparable friends in India. Their tastes, habits, and hobbies are the same. Years later, the two have matured, but have maintained their friendship. Tara gets married to the local prince, Raj Singh, who soon succeeds the throne as the sole heir. After the marriage, Raj gets bored of Tara and starts seeking another female to satisfy his sexual needs. He notices Maya and is instantly attracted to her. He has her included as one of his courtesans, and is intimate with her. Watch what happens when Tara finds out and the extent she will go to keep her marriage intact.
Title: Zookeeper | Genres: comedy, romance, family | Overview: Kindhearted Griffin Keyes is one of the best-loved caretakers at the Franklin Park Zoo, but since he is more comfortable with the animals than with females of his own species, his love life is lacking. When Griffin decides that the only way to get a girlfriend is to find a more-glamorous career, the animals panic. To keep him from leaving, they reveal their secret ability to talk and offer to teach him the rules of courtship, animal-style.
Title: The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind | Genres: drama, history, family | Overview: Against all the odds, a thirteen year old boy in Malawi invents an unconventional way to save his family and village from famine.
Title: Modest Heroes | Genres: animation, fantasy, adventure, drama | Overview: Two tiny, aquatic humanoids search for their missing father, a boy battles a lethal allergy to eggs, and an invisible salaryman tries to become a hero.
Title: Wonder | Genres: drama, family | Overview: The story of August Pullman – a boy with facial differences – who enters fifth grade, attending a mainstream elementary school for the first time.
Title: Good Will Hunting | Genres: drama | Overview: Will Hunting has a genius-level IQ but chooses to work as a janitor at MIT. When he solves a difficult graduate-level math problem, his talents are discovered by Professor Gerald Lambeau, who decides to help the misguided youth reach his potential. When Will is arrested for attacking a police officer, Professor Lambeau makes a deal to get leniency for him if he will get treatment from therapist Sean Maguire.
Title: Bridge to Terabithia | Genres: adventure, drama, family | Overview: Jesse Aarons trained all summer to become the fastest runner in school, so he's very upset when newcomer Leslie Burke outruns him and everyone else. Despite this and other differences, including that she's rich, he's poor, and she's a city girl, he's a country boy, the two become fast friends. Together, they create Terabithia, a land of monsters, trolls, ogres, and giants and rule as king and queen.
Title: Dog Years | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: “Dog Years” tells the story of Stella, a clumsy, cynical, imaginative and tormented teenage girl. “After a life-changing car accident involving a dog, she convinces herself she must count her age in dog years: one year of her life counts for seven, and now that she’s turning sixteen, she is a centennial. For this reason, Stella thinks she has not much time left to live and pens a bucket list of all the things she would like to achieve before she dies.
"Title: Son of the Mask | Genres: fantasy, comedy, family, adventure | Overview: Tim Avery, an aspiring cartoonist, finds himself in a predicament when his dog stumbles upon the mask of Loki. Then after conceiving an infant son ""born of the mask"", he discovers just how looney child raising can be."
Title: Suicide Squad: Hell to Pay | Genres: science fiction, action, animation | Overview: Task Force X targets a powerful mystical object that they will risk their lives to steal.
Title: Underdogs | Genres: animation, adventure, romance | Overview: In the small village where Amadeo lives there is no one good enough to challenge his skills at Table Football. But, while Amadeo may be a genius as a table football player in real life he's a loser. He's in love with Lara, his childhood friend, but he's so shy that he can't bring himself to confess his love for her. So he just hangs out in his quaint, timeless village. When Amadeo beats the village bully Flash at Table Football. The scene is set for an epic rivalry. Consumed with anger Flash vows to get even and 10 years later he returns as an International Superstar, a Football Icon and Galatico determined to wreak his revenge.
Title: Overdrive | Genres: thriller, action, mystery | Overview: Master car thieves square off against French gangsters in the South of France with money, women and lives all on the line.
Title: Barbie and the Diamond Castle | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Liana and Alexa (Barbie and Teresa) are best friends who share everything, including their love of singing. One day while walking through the forest home from the village, the girls meet an old beggar who gives them a magical mirror. As they clean the mirror and sing, a musical apprentice muse named Melody appears in the mirror's surface, and tells the girls about the secret of the Diamond Castle.
Title: The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part | Genres: action, adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: It's been five years since everything was awesome and the citizens are facing a huge new threat: LEGO DUPLO® invaders from outer space, wrecking everything faster than they can rebuild.
Title: Nothing to Lose | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Authorized biopic of Brazilian evangelical bishop Edir Macedo, founder of the Universal Church of the Kingdom of God and owner of Record TV network. Based on a book trilogy of the same name, the movie tells the story of the self-made man who faced several moments of turbulence while pursuing his conviction.
Title: A Tale of Two Sisters | Genres: drama, horror, mystery | Overview: A recently released patient from a mental institution returns home with her sister, only to face disturbing events between her stepmother and the ghosts haunting their house- all of which are connected to a dark past in the family's history.
Title: Flavors of Youth | Genres: animation, romance, drama | Overview: The rigorous city life of China, while bustling and unforgiving, contains the everlasting memories of days past. Three stories told in three different cities, follow the loss of youth and the daunting realization of adulthood. Though reality may seem ever changing, unchangeable are the short-lived moments of one's childhood days. A plentiful bowl of noodles, the beauty of family and the trials of first love endure the inevitable flow of time, as three different characters explore the strength of bonds and the warmth of cherished memories. Within the disorder of the present world, witness these quaint stories recognize the comfort of the past, and attempt to revive the neglected flavors of youth.
Title: Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade | Genres: adventure, action | Overview: When Dr. Henry Jones Sr. suddenly goes missing while pursuing the Holy Grail, eminent archaeologist Indiana must team up with Marcus Brody, Sallah and Elsa Schneider to follow in his father's footsteps and stop the Nazis from recovering the power of eternal life.
Title: Cranston Academy: Monster Zone | Genres: adventure, science fiction, animation, fantasy, horror | Overview: An intelligent 15-year-old high school student is unexpectedly transferred to a boarding school where he opens a portal of monsters from another dimension.
Title: Courageous | Genres: drama | Overview: Law enforcement officers Adam Mitchell, Nathan Hayes, and their partners stand up to the worst the streets have to offer with confidence and focus. Yet at the end of the day, they face a challenge that none of them are truly prepared to tackle: fatherhood. They know that God desires to turn the hearts of fathers to their children, but their children are beginning to drift further and further away from them. When tragedy hits home, these men are left wrestling with their hopes, their fears, their faith, and their fathering. Can a newfound urgency help these dads draw closer to God... and to their children?
Title: The Host | Genres: horror, drama, science fiction | Overview: Following the dumping of gallons of toxic waste in the river, a giant mutated squid-like creature appears and begins attacking the populace. Gang-du's daughter Hyun-seo is snatched up by the creature; with his family to assist him, he sets off to find her.
Title: The Da Vinci Code | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: A murder in Paris’ Louvre Museum and cryptic clues in some of Leonardo da Vinci’s most famous paintings lead to the discovery of a religious mystery. For 2,000 years a secret society closely guards information that — should it come to light — could rock the very foundations of Christianity.
Title: The Garden of Words | Genres: animation, drama, romance | Overview: Takao, who is training to become a shoemaker, skipped school and is sketching shoes in a Japanese-style garden. He meets a mysterious woman, Yukino, who is older than him. Then, without arranging the times, the two start to see each other again and again, but only on rainy days. They deepen their relationship and open up to each other. But the end of the rainy season soon approaches...
Title: Boss Level | Genres: action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A former special forces agent is trapped in a time loop and relives his death over and over again. To escape the terrible situation, he must track down those responsible and stop them.
Title: Ong Bak 2 | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: Moments from death a young man is rescued by a renowned warrior. Realizing unsurpassed physical potential in the young boy he trains him into the most dangerous man alive. As he becomes a young man he goes on a lone mission of vengeance against the vicious slave traders who enslaved him as a youth and the treacherous warlord who killed his father.
Title: Leprechaun: Back 2 tha Hood | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: When Emily Woodrow and her friends happen on a treasure chest full of gold coins, they fail to to heed the warnings of a wise old psychic who had foretold that they would encounter trouble with a very nasty and protective Leprechaun.
Title: The Grudge | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: An American nurse living and working in Tokyo is exposed to a mysterious supernatural curse, one that locks a person in a powerful rage before claiming their life and spreading to another victim.
Title: Aliens | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: When Ripley's lifepod is found by a salvage crew over 50 years later, she finds that terra-formers are on the very planet they found the alien species. When the company sends a family of colonists out to investigate her story—all contact is lost with the planet and colonists. They enlist Ripley and the colonial marines to return and search for answers.
Title: The Boy Who Killed My Parents | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Based on one of the most shocking and gruesome murder cases in Brazil, the film presents de Suzane von Richthofen's point of view of the events that led to the death of her parents.
Title: Crawl | Genres: thriller, horror, action | Overview: When a huge hurricane hits her hometown in Florida, Haley ignores evacuation orders to look for her father. After finding him badly wounded, both are trapped by the flood. With virtually no time to escape the storm, they discover that rising water levels are the least of their problems.
Title: Planet of the Apes | Genres: thriller, science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: After a spectacular crash-landing on an uncharted planet, brash astronaut Leo Davidson finds himself trapped in a savage world where talking apes dominate the human race. Desperate to find a way home, Leo must evade the invincible gorilla army led by Ruthless General Thade.
Title: Dark Shadows | Genres: comedy, fantasy | Overview: Vampire Barnabas Collins is inadvertently freed from his tomb and emerges into the very changed world of 1972. He returns to Collinwood Manor to find that his once-grand estate and family have fallen into ruin.
Title: Pleasure | Genres: drama | Overview: 20-year-old Bella Cherry leaves her small town in Sweden and heads for Los Angeles with the aim of becoming the world's next big porn star, but the road to her goal turns out to be bumpier than she imagined.
Title: The Legend of Siren XXX | Genres: horror | Overview: In a rural port town, Kenji Ishikawa runs a barber shop together with his new wife, who speaks very little and has mysterious eyes to match her amorous presence. Running the shop isn’t easy as hardly any customers come… One evening, a man comes to the shop, as if lured by the faint hum of the wife. As the man takes a seat, Kenji exits his shop. The wife then gently fingers the man’s neck…
Title: Self/less | Genres: science fiction, mystery, thriller | Overview: An extremely wealthy elderly man dying from cancer undergoes a radical medical procedure that transfers his consciousness to the body of a healthy young man but everything may not be as good as it seems when he starts to uncover the mystery of the body's origins and the secret organization that will kill to keep its secrets.
Title: The Transporter Refueled | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: The fast-paced action movie is again set in the criminal underworld in France, where Frank Martin is known as The Transporter, because he is the best driver and mercenary money can buy. In this installment, he meets Anna and they attempt to take down a group of ruthless Russian human traffickers who also have kidnapped Frank’s father.
Title: Red Sparrow | Genres: mystery, thriller | Overview: Prima ballerina, Dominika Egorova faces a bleak and uncertain future after she suffers an injury that ends her career. She soon turns to Sparrow School, a secret intelligence service that trains exceptional young people to use their minds and bodies as weapons. Dominika emerges as the most dangerous Sparrow after completing the sadistic training process. As she comes to terms with her new abilities, she meets a CIA agent who tries to convince her that he is the only person she can trust.
Title: Friday the 13th Part 2 | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Five years after the horrible bloodbath at Camp Crystal Lake, it seems Jason Voorhees and his demented mother are in the past. Paul opens up a new camp close to the infamous site, ignoring warnings to stay away, and a sexually-charged group of counselors follow -- including child psychologist major Ginny. But Jason has been hiding out all this time, and now he's ready for revenge.
Title: The Dark Tower | Genres: fantasy, action, science fiction, adventure | Overview: A boy haunted by visions of a parallel world aids its disillusioned guardian in preventing the destruction of the nexus of universes known as the Dark Tower.
Title: Goodbye World | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: When a mysterious cyber-attack cripples civilization, a group of old college friends and lovers retreat to a remote country cabin, where they must cope with an uncertain future while navigating the minefield of their shared past.
Title: Allegiant | Genres: adventure, science fiction, action, mystery | Overview: Beatrice Prior and Tobias Eaton venture into the world outside of the fence and are taken into protective custody by a mysterious agency known as the Bureau of Genetic Welfare.
Title: The Good Doctor | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: Dr. Martin Blake, who has spent his life looking for respect, meets an 18-year-old patient named Diane, suffering from a kidney infection, and gets a much-needed boost of self-esteem. However, when her health starts improving, Martin fears losing her, so he begins tampering with her treatment, keeping Diane sick and in the hospital right next to him.
Title: Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie | Genres: action, adventure, family, fantasy, science fiction, thriller | Overview: The legendary Power Rangers must stop the evil space pirate Divatox from releasing the powerful Maligore from his volcanic imprisonment on the island of Muranthias, where only the kindly wizard Lerigot has the key to release him. The hope of victory lies in the Ranger's incredible new Turbo powers and powerful Turbo Zords.
Title: The Son of Bigfoot | Genres: family, animation, comedy | Overview: Teenage outsider Adam sets out on an epic and daring quest to uncover the mystery behind his long-lost dad, only to find out that he is none other than the legendary Bigfoot! He has been hiding deep in the forest for years to protect himself and his family from HairCo., a giant corporation eager to run scientific experiments with his special DNA. As father and son start making up for lost time after the boy's initial disbelief, Adam soon discovers that he too is gifted with superpowers beyond his imagination. But little do they know, HairCo. is on their tail as Adam's traces have led them to Bigfoot!
Title: Never Back Down | Genres: drama, action | Overview: Jake, full of anger after his father's death, is just starting to find a place for himself at his new Orlando high school - until Ryan, head of an underground MMA fight club, picks Jake out as a prime opponent. After being trounced by Ryan in front of the entire school, Jake begins training under the firm, moral guidance of a MMA master, where he learns how to fight... and how to avoid a fight. But it becomes obvious that a rematch will be inevitable if Jake wants to stop Ryan and his bullying, once and for all.
Title: Jigsaw | Genres: horror, crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: Dead bodies begin to turn up all over the city, each meeting their demise in a variety of grisly ways. All investigations begin to point the finger at deceased killer John Kramer.
Title: 50 Greatest Harry Potter Moments | Genres: documentary | Overview: To mark the release two weeks ago of the eighth and final movie in the series, Robbie Coltrane narrates a countdown of the movie franchise's best moments. From Harry's first meeting with Ron and Hermione aboard the Hogwarts Express through to magical mysteries.
Title: Cashback | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Ben is an art college student in London, whose imagination runs wild as he works the late-night shift at the local supermarket. What do he and his colleagues do to pass the long, endless hours of the night?
Title: The Intruder | Genres: thriller | Overview: Inés works as a dubbing actress and sings in a choir in Buenos Aires. While on an idyllic trip she suffers a traumatic episode that she can’t recover from. She has trouble sleeping and experiences very vivid nightmares as strange sounds begin to emerge from inside her. Awake, Inés feels suddenly surrounded by people that seem to come from her dreams.
Title: Yes, God, Yes | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Alice, a young innocent Catholic girl, is tempted into masturbating after an AOL chat suddenly turns sexual, however is conflicted as the act would be considered a sin.
Title: If I Stay | Genres: drama | Overview: Mia Hall, a talented young cellist, thought the most difficult decision she would ever have to make would be whether to pursue her musical dreams at prestigious Juilliard or follow her heart to be with the love of her life, Adam, a rock singer/guitarist. However, a car wreck changes everything in an instant, and now Mia's life hangs in the balance. Suspended between life and death, Mia faces a choice that will decide her future.
Title: War of the Arrows | Genres: drama, action, history, thriller | Overview: 13 years after the King Injo Revolt, the Chosun Dynasty is attacked by the Chung Dynasty of China. A young man named Na-mi leaves his demolished village to find his young sister, Ja-in, and her finance Su-koon, who were to wed on the very day of the attack. While on his mission to rescue her, he is being traced by Jushinta, a fierce Chung Warrior, and his band of malicious men who are out to stop him. Na-mi has but a day to rescue his sister before she is taken away to be a slave. When Na-mi finally finds his sister, Jushinta comes between them and a fierce battle between two of the finest warriors unfolds.
Title: Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties | Genres: comedy, family, adventure, animation | Overview: Jon and Garfield visit the United Kingdom, where a case of mistaken cat identity finds Garfield ruling over a castle. His reign is soon jeopardized by the nefarious Lord Dargis, who has designs on the estate.
Title: Ghostbusters II | Genres: comedy, fantasy | Overview: Five years after they defeated Gozer, the Ghostbusters are out of business. When Dana begins to have ghost problems again, the boys come out of retirement to aid her and hopefully save New York City from a new paranormal threat.
Title: Chicken Little | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: When the sky really is falling and sanity has flown the coop, who will rise to save the day? Together with his hysterical band of misfit friends, Chicken Little must hatch a plan to save the planet from alien invasion and prove that the world's biggest hero is a little chicken.
Title: Die Hard 2 | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Off-duty cop John McClane is gripped with a feeling of déjà vu when, on a snowy Christmas Eve in the nation’s capital, terrorists seize a major international airport, holding thousands of holiday travelers hostage. Renegade military commandos led by a murderous rogue officer plot to rescue a drug lord from justice and are prepared for every contingency except one: McClane’s smart-mouthed heroics.
Title: Dunkirk | Genres: war, action, drama | Overview: The story of the miraculous evacuation of Allied soldiers from Belgium, Britain, Canada and France, who were cut off and surrounded by the German army from the beaches and harbour of Dunkirk between May 26th and June 4th 1940 during World War II.
Title: Raiders of the Lost Ark | Genres: adventure, action | Overview: When Dr. Indiana Jones – the tweed-suited professor who just happens to be a celebrated archaeologist – is hired by the government to locate the legendary Ark of the Covenant, he finds himself up against the entire Nazi regime.
Title: Deepwater Horizon | Genres: drama, action | Overview: A story set on the offshore drilling rig Deepwater Horizon, which exploded during April 2010 and created the worst oil spill in U.S. history.
Title: Steven Universe: The Movie | Genres: animation, family, fantasy, music, tv movie, science fiction | Overview: Two years after bringing peace to the galaxy, Steven Universe sees his past come back to haunt him in the form of a deranged Gem who wants to destroy the Earth.
Title: The Blair Witch Project | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: In October of 1994 three student filmmakers disappeared in the woods near Burkittsville, Maryland, while shooting a documentary. A year later their footage was found.
Title: Hostel | Genres: horror | Overview: Three backpackers head to a Slovakian city that promises to meet their hedonistic expectations, with no idea of the hell that awaits them.
Title: Where the Wild Things Are | Genres: family, fantasy, science fiction, drama | Overview: Max imagines running away from his mom and sailing to a far-off land where large talking beasts—Ira, Carol, Douglas, the Bull, Judith and Alexander—crown him as their king, play rumpus, build forts and discover secret hideaways.
Title: Inferno | Genres: mystery, thriller, drama, action | Overview: After waking up in a hospital with amnesia, professor Robert Langdon and a doctor must race against time to foil a deadly global plot.
Title: Paranormal Activity: The Marked Ones | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Seventeen-year-old Jesse has been hearing terrifying sounds coming from his neighbor’s apartment, but when he turns on his camera and sets out to uncover their source, he encounters an ancient evil that won’t rest until it’s claimed his very soul.
Title: Dawn of the Dead | Genres: action, horror | Overview: A group of survivors take refuge in a shopping mall after the world is taken over by aggressive, flesh-eating zombies.
Title: Promare | Genres: animation, action, science fiction | Overview: Galo and the Burning Rescue Fire Department face off against BURNISH, a group of mutants who are able to control and wield flames, and the fire disaster they have unleashed on Earth.
Title: Naruto: The Lost Story - Mission: Protect the Waterfall Village! | Genres: animation, action, adventure | Overview: Naruto and his friends must get back a jug of stolen holy water from a band of higher class ninjas.
Title: The Boss Baby | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: A story about how a new baby's arrival impacts a family, told from the point of view of a delightfully unreliable narrator, a wildly imaginative 7 year old named Tim.
Title: Dolittle | Genres: family, fantasy, adventure | Overview: After losing his wife seven years earlier, the eccentric Dr. John Dolittle, famed doctor and veterinarian of Queen Victoria’s England, hermits himself away behind the high walls of Dolittle Manor with only his menagerie of exotic animals for company. But when the young queen falls gravely ill, a reluctant Dolittle is forced to set sail on an epic adventure to a mythical island in search of a cure, regaining his wit and courage as he crosses old adversaries and discovers wondrous creatures.
Title: The Case for Christ | Genres: drama | Overview: Based on the true story of an award-winning investigative journalist -- and avowed atheist -- who applies his well-honed journalistic and legal skills to disprove the newfound Christian faith of his wife... with unexpected, life-altering results.
Title: Mr. Popper's Penguins | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Jim Carrey stars as Tom Popper, a successful businessman who’s clueless when it comes to the really important things in life...until he inherits six “adorable” penguins, each with its own unique personality. Soon Tom’s rambunctious roommates turn his swank New York apartment into a snowy winter wonderland — and the rest of his world upside-down.
Title: 3-D Sex and Zen: Extreme Ecstasy | Genres: drama, adventure, romance | Overview: Loosely based on a 17th century erotic Chinese story named The Carnal Prayer Mat, the story follows a young scholar named Yangsheng who gets married to the beautiful daughter of a local merchant. When their sex life proves unsatisfactory, Yangsheng leaves home and journeys to the Pavilion of Ultimate Bliss.
Title: On Your Wedding Day | Genres: romance | Overview: Through the course of their lives, a man and his first love are repeatedly separated from each other because of circumstances out of their control.
"Title: 3:10 to Yuma | Genres: western | Overview: In Arizona in the late 1800s, infamous outlaw Ben Wade and his vicious gang of thieves and murderers have plagued the Southern Railroad. When Wade is captured, Civil War veteran Dan Evans, struggling to survive on his drought-plagued ranch, volunteers to deliver him alive to the ""3:10 to Yuma"", a train that will take the killer to trial."
Title: Castle Freak | Genres: horror | Overview: After she’s permanently blinded in a tragic car accident, Rebecca receives some bizarre news: her long-lost mother has recently passed away, leaving her their family’s ancestral castle in rural Albania. Traveling to the estate with a group of friends, Rebecca hopes it will be an opportunity for her to reconnect with a past she never knew and a mother who seemingly left her behind. When mysterious events begin to occur and her friends begin to die, Rebecca must unravel the secrets of her family’s history before she too falls prey to the Castle Freak.
Title: Home | Genres: fantasy, comedy, animation, science fiction, family | Overview: When Earth is taken over by the overly-confident Boov, an alien race in search of a new place to call home, all humans are promptly relocated, while all Boov get busy reorganizing the planet. But when one resourceful girl, Tip, manages to avoid capture, she finds herself the accidental accomplice of a banished Boov named Oh. The two fugitives realize there’s a lot more at stake than intergalactic relations as they embark on the road trip of a lifetime.
Title: Woodlawn | Genres: drama | Overview: Love and unity in a school torn by racism and hate in the 1970s.A gifted high school football player must learn to embrace his talent and his faith as he battles racial tensions on and off the field.
Title: Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith | Genres: science fiction, adventure, action | Overview: The evil Darth Sidious enacts his final plan for unlimited power -- and the heroic Jedi Anakin Skywalker must choose a side.
"Title: Zodiac | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: The true story of the investigation of the ""Zodiac Killer"", a serial killer who terrified the San Francisco Bay Area, taunting police with his ciphers and letters. The case becomes an obsession for three men as their lives and careers are built and destroyed by the endless trail of clues."
Title: Halo: Nightfall | Genres: science fiction | Overview: Set between the events of Halo 4 and Halo 5: Guardians… Halo: Nightfall tells the dramatic story of legendary man hunter and Naval Intelligence Officer Jameson Locke and his team as they are caught in a horrific biological attack while investigating terrorist activity on the distant colony world of Sedra. As they unravel a plot that draws them to an ancient, hellish artifact, they will be forced to fight for their survival, question everything and ultimately choose between their loyalty and their lives.
Title: Night of the Living Dead | Genres: horror | Overview: In this remake of the original classic film, a group of people are trapped inside a farmhouse as legions of the walking dead try to get inside and use them for food.
"Title: Thir13en Ghosts | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Arthur and his two children, Kathy and Bobby, inherit his Uncle Cyrus's estate: a glass house that serves as a prison to 12 ghosts. When the family, accompanied by Bobby's Nanny and an attorney, enter the house they find themselves trapped inside an evil machine ""designed by the devil and powered by the dead"" to open the Eye of Hell. Aided by Dennis, a ghost hunter, and his rival Kalina, a ghost rights activist out to set the ghosts free, the group must do what they can to get out of the house alive."
Title: Diary of a Wimpy Kid | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Greg Heffley is headed for big things, but first he has to survive the scariest, most humiliating experience of any kid’s life – middle school! That won’t be easy, considering he’s surrounded by hairy-freckled morons, wedgie-loving bullies and a moldy slice of cheese with nuclear cooties!
Title: Saint Seiya: Warriors of the Final Holy Battle | Genres: action, animation, fantasy | Overview: The plot involves the coming of Lucifer to the Sanctuary, where his underlings systematically dispose of the surviving Gold Saints. Athena goes to Lucifer to ask for peace, placing herself in peril. The Bronze Saints must then come to her rescue, destroying Lucifer's Fallen Angels (Seima Tenshi in Japanese) in the process.
"Title: One Piece 3D: Straw Hat Chase | Genres: animation | Overview: One Piece 3D: Straw Hat Chase is the 11th One Piece film of the series, and is set before the time-skip. This is One Piece's first movie release to be in 3D CGI. The movie is also the first One Piece film since Movie 3 to be a double-feature. This time, the film was featured with ""Toriko 3D: Gourmet Adventure"", both being billed as the ""Jump Heroes Film"". The double-feature was released on March 19, 2011.granmaster"
Title: Overboard | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: A spoiled, wealthy yacht owner is thrown overboard and becomes the target of revenge from his mistreated employee.
"Title: Beethoven's Big Break | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Eddie, a struggling animal trainer and single dad suddenly finds himself the personal wrangler for a large and lovable St. Bernard whose fabulous movie ""audition"" catapults the dog to stardom. However, a trio of unscrupulous ne'er-do-wells have plans to kidnap the famous dog and hold him for ransom."
Title: Van Helsing | Genres: horror, adventure, action | Overview: Famed monster slayer Gabriel Van Helsing is dispatched to Transylvania to assist the last of the Valerious bloodline in defeating Count Dracula. Anna Valerious reveals that Dracula has formed an unholy alliance with Dr. Frankenstein's monster and is hell-bent on exacting a centuries-old curse on her family.
Title: I Am Number Four | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction, adventure | Overview: A teenage fugitive with an incredible secret races to stay one step ahead of the mysterious forces seeking destroy him in this sci-fi action thriller. With three dead and one on the run, the race to find the elusive Number Four begins. Outwardly normal teen John Smith never gets too comfortable in the same identity, and along with his guardian, Henri, he is constantly moving from town to town. With each passing day, John gains a stronger grasp on his extraordinary new powers, and his bond to the beings that share his fantastic fate grows stronger.
Title: Rocky Balboa | Genres: drama, action | Overview: When he loses a highly publicized virtual boxing match to ex-champ Rocky Balboa, reigning heavyweight titleholder, Mason Dixon retaliates by challenging Rocky to a nationally televised, 10-round exhibition bout. To the surprise of his son and friends, Rocky agrees to come out of retirement and face an opponent who's faster, stronger and thirty years his junior.
Title: The Princess Diaries | Genres: comedy, family, romance | Overview: A socially awkward but very bright 15-year-old girl being raised by a single mom discovers that she is the princess of a small European country because of the recent death of her long-absent father, who, unknown to her, was the crown prince of Genovia. She must make a choice between continuing the life of a San Francisco teen or stepping up to the throne.
"Title: Death Note | Genres: fantasy, mystery, thriller | Overview: Light Yagami finds the ""Death Note,"" a notebook with the power to kill, and decides to create a Utopia by killing the world's criminals, and soon the world's greatest detective, ""L,"" is hired to find the mysterious murderer. An all out battle between the two greatest minds on earth begins and the winner will control the world."
Title: Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure | Genres: animation, family, adventure, fantasy | Overview: A blue harvest moon will rise, allowing the fairies to use a precious moonstone to restore the Pixie Dust Tree, the source of all their magic. But when Tinker Bell accidentally puts all of Pixie Hollow in jeopardy, she must venture out across the sea on a secret quest to set things right.
Title: Space Jam | Genres: family, animation, comedy, science fiction | Overview: Jokes fly as the Tune Squad takes on the Nerdlucks in a hardcourt game to decide if the Looney Tunes remain here... or become attractions at a far-off galactic off-ramp called Moron Mountain. The Nerdlucks have a monstrous secret weapon: they've stolen the skills of top NBA stars like Charles Barkley and Patrick Ewing and become Monstars. But that's not all, folks. The Tune Squad’s secret weapon just happens to be the finest player in this or any other universe. He's outta this world. So's the fun.
Title: League of Gods | Genres: action, fantasy | Overview: During the reign of King Zhou (Tony Leung Ka-fai), an official enters his bedchamber, and is devoured by the monstrous tails of Daji (Fan Bingbing), his concubine. Outside their city, several warriors within a metal wagon discuss their strategies to free the Invisible People and their Chief, when Jiang Ziya (Jet Li) appears to them. He tells them that when King Zhou was younger, he let himself become possessed by the Black Dragon for his quest for power.
Title: Homunculus | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A homeless man meets a medical school student who pays him to volunteer for a surgical procedure known as trepanation, drilling a hole in his skull, which ends up giving him the ability to communicate with the dark side of people’s subconscious minds.
Title: Beasts Clawing at Straws | Genres: mystery, thriller, crime, comedy, drama | Overview: The destinies of hard-luck lowlifes slowly converge and come crashing down: Jung-man barely gets by working at a sauna and taking care of his sick mother until he finds a bag full of cash in the locker room; Tae-young is in trouble after his girlfriend runs away with the money he borrowed from a loan shark. Soon, a dead body mysteriously turns up; Mi-ran, caught between her husband’s violence and a dead-end job as a bar hostess, she finds a young lover, Jin-tae who offers to kill her husband… And now their dog-eat-dog game starts.
Title: Watchmen | Genres: action, mystery, science fiction | Overview: In a gritty and alternate 1985 the glory days of costumed vigilantes have been brought to a close by a government crackdown, but after one of the masked veterans is brutally murdered, an investigation into the killer is initiated. The reunited heroes set out to prevent their own destruction, but in doing so uncover a sinister plot that puts all of humanity in grave danger.
Title: Into the Storm | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: As a new day begins in the town of Silverton, its residents have little reason to believe it will be anything other than ordinary. Mother Nature, however has other plans. In the span of just a few hours, an unprecedented onslaught of powerful tornadoes ravages Silverton. Storm trackers predict that the worst is still to come, as terrified residents seek shelter, and professional storm-chasers run toward the danger, hoping to study the phenomenon close up and get a once-in-a-lifetime shot.
Title: Smurfs: The Lost Village | Genres: family, adventure, animation, comedy | Overview: In this fully animated, all-new take on the Smurfs, a mysterious map sets Smurfette and her friends Brainy, Clumsy and Hefty on an exciting race through the Forbidden Forest leading to the discovery of the biggest secret in Smurf history.
Title: My Best Friend's Girl | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: When Dustin's girlfriend, Alexis, breaks up with him, he employs his best buddy, Tank, to take her out on the worst rebound date imaginable in the hopes that it will send her running back into his arms. But when Tank begins to really fall for Alexis, he finds himself in an impossible position.
Title: The Prince of Egypt | Genres: adventure, animation, drama, family | Overview: This is the extraordinary tale of two brothers named Moses and Ramses, one born of royal blood, and one an orphan with a secret past. Growing up the best of friends, they share a strong bond of free-spirited youth and good-natured rivalry. But the truth will ultimately set them at odds, as one becomes the ruler of the most powerful empire on earth, and the other the chosen leader of his people! Their final confrontation will forever change their lives and the world.
Title: The Goonies | Genres: adventure, comedy, family | Overview: A young teenager named Mikey Walsh finds an old treasure map in his father's attic. Hoping to save their homes from demolition, Mikey and his friends Data Wang, Chunk Cohen, and Mouth Devereaux run off on a big quest to find the secret stash of Pirate One-Eyed Willie.
Title: Date Night | Genres: comedy, action, adventure | Overview: Phil and Claire Foster fear that their mild-mannered relationship may be falling into a stale rut. During their weekly date night, their dinner reservation leads to their being mistaken for a couple of thieves—and now a number of unsavoury characters want Phil and Claire killed.
Title: The Fifth Element | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: In 2257, a taxi driver is unintentionally given the task of saving a young girl who is part of the key that will ensure the survival of humanity.
Title: Braven | Genres: drama, action, thriller | Overview: A logger defends his family from a group of dangerous drug runners.
Title: Vacation | Genres: comedy | Overview: Hoping to bring his family closer together and to recreate his childhood vacation for his own kids, a grown up Rusty Griswold takes his wife and their two sons on a cross-country road trip to the coolest theme park in America, Walley World. Needless to say, things don't go quite as planned.
Title: Lucas | Genres: drama | Overview: Lucas just lost his father and everything around him is starting to crumble. One day he meets Alvaro, who offers him money in exchange for some innocent pictures. Álvaro will use them to create fake accounts in social media to “just talk”, he assures, with underage girls. Desperate for money, Lucas takes the deal.
Title: Jason Goes to Hell: The Final Friday | Genres: horror | Overview: Jason Voorhees, the living, breathing essence of evil, is back for one fierce, final fling! Tracked down and blown to bits by a special FBI task force, everyone now assumes that he's finally dead. But everybody assumes wrong. Jason has been reborn with the bone-chilling ability to assume the identity of anyone he touches. The terrifying truth is that he could be anywhere, or anybody. In this shocking, blood-soaked finale to Jason's carnage-ridden reign of terror, the horrible secret of his unstoppable killing instinct is finally revealed. And once you know the chilling facts, you'll see him in your nightmares! And he'll see you in hell!
Title: The Girl Who Killed Her Parents | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Based on one of the most shocking and gruesome murder cases in Brazil, the film presents Daniel Cravinhos's point of view of the events that led to the death of Marísia and Manfred von Richthofen, his girlfriend’s parents.
Title: Armageddon | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction, adventure | Overview: When an asteroid threatens to collide with Earth, NASA honcho Dan Truman determines the only way to stop it is to drill into its surface and detonate a nuclear bomb. This leads him to renowned driller Harry Stamper, who agrees to helm the dangerous space mission provided he can bring along his own hotshot crew. Among them is the cocksure A.J. who Harry thinks isn't good enough for his daughter, until the mission proves otherwise.
"Title: The Autopsy of Jane Doe | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: Father and son coroners receive a mysterious unidentified corpse with no apparent cause of death. As they attempt to examine the ""Jane Doe,"" they discover increasingly bizarre clues that hold the key to her terrifying secrets."
Title: The Huntsman: Winter's War | Genres: action, adventure, drama | Overview: As two evil sisters prepare to conquer the land, two renegades—Eric the Huntsman, who aided Snow White in defeating Ravenna in Snowwhite and the Huntsman, and his forbidden lover, Sara—set out to stop them.
Title: The Foreigner | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Quan is a humble London businessman whose long-buried past erupts in a revenge-fueled vendetta when the only person left for him to love – his teenage daughter – dies in an Irish Republican Army car bombing. His relentless search to find the terrorists leads to a cat-and-mouse conflict with a British government official whose own past may hold the clues to the identities of the elusive killers.
Title: The Hidden Face | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: A Spanish orchestra conductor deals with the mysterious disappearance of his girlfriend.
Title: The Tit and the Moon | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: A child does not stand the idea of having a new brother and dreams about drinking milk from the breasts of his mother again. The child asks the moon to bring him a tit only for him.
Title: Beyond the Boundary: I'll Be Here – Past | Genres: animation, fantasy, action, drama, comedy | Overview: It all began quite suddenly. Akihito, who appears human but is actually half yomu with the power to quickly heal himself, sees a freshman girl who appears ready to jump from the school rooftop. The girl, Mirai, who has the ability to manipulate blood, which is unique even among members of the spirit world, continues to fight her isolation. Akihito decides at that moment to save Mirai, but disturbing events soon begin to unfold.
Title: The Wolf and the Lion | Genres: adventure, family | Overview: After her grandfather's death, 20-year-old Alma decides to go back to her childhood home - a little island in the heart of the majestic Canadian forest. Whilst there, she rescues two helpless cubs: a wolf and a lion. They forge an inseparable bond, but their world soon collapses as the forest ranger discovers the animals and takes them away. The two cub brothers must now embark on a treacherous journey across Canada to be reunited with one another and Alma once more.
Title: Zathura: A Space Adventure | Genres: family, fantasy, science fiction, adventure, comedy | Overview: After their father is called into work, two young boys, Walter and Danny, are left in the care of their teenage sister, Lisa, and told they must stay inside. Walter and Danny, who anticipate a boring day, are shocked when they begin playing Zathura, a space-themed board game, which they realize has mystical powers when their house is shot into space. With the help of an astronaut, the boys attempt to return home.
Title: Flashback | Genres: comedy | Overview: A woman lawyer travels back in time and crosses paths with other women in history who fought for women's rights.
Title: American Pie Presents: Band Camp | Genres: comedy | Overview: Everyone has 'moved on', except for Sherman and Jim Levenstein's still understanding father. Little Matt Stiffler wants to join his older brother Steve's business and, after everything Matt has heard from Jim's band-geek wife, he plans to go back to band camp and make a video of his own.
Title: The Drop | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Bob Saginowski finds himself at the center of a robbery gone awry and entwined in an investigation that digs deep into the neighborhood's past where friends, families, and foes all work together to make a living - no matter the cost.
Title: Shot Caller | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A newly-released prison gangster is forced by the leaders of his gang to orchestrate a major crime with a brutal rival gang on the streets of Southern California.
Title: Emperor | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: As the Japanese surrender at the end of WWII, Gen. Fellers is tasked with deciding if Emperor Hirohito will be hanged as a war criminal. Influencing his ruling is his quest to find Aya, an exchange student he met years earlier in the U.S.
Title: Playhouse | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Reckless Jack Travis is an irreverent horror writer notorious for scaring audiences. But as he obsesses over creating a new theatre show set in a haunted Scottish castle, demonic disturbances from deep within the walls begin to prey on his troubled daughter. When the alarming supernatural forces start to close in on him too, Jack is forced to reckon with the terrifying consequences of creating such a dark and macabre play. But will he realise the danger of unearthing a historic curse and stop writing before he damns himself, his personal sanity and those he loves forever?
Title: Mr. & Mrs. Smith | Genres: action, comedy, drama, thriller | Overview: After five (or six) years of vanilla-wedded bliss, ordinary suburbanites John and Jane Smith are stuck in a huge rut. Unbeknownst to each other, they are both coolly lethal, highly-paid assassins working for rival organisations. When they discover they're each other's next target, their secret lives collide in a spicy, explosive mix of wicked comedy, pent-up passion, nonstop action and high-tech weaponry.
Title: Sex, Shame & Tears | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A comedic drama featuring two couples and two old friends in Mexico City. Tomas visits Carlos and Ana, while Miguel and Andrea are joined by Maria. The presence of guests triggers lust, rejection, infidelities, reconciliation and other consequences.
Title: Lilo & Stitch 2: Stitch Has a Glitch | Genres: animation, family, comedy, science fiction | Overview: Now, we find the rowdy extraterrestrial getting used to life with his new ohana. However, a malfunction in the ultimate creation of Dr. Jumba soon emerges, which reinstates his destructive programming and threatens to both ruin his friendship with Lilo and to short him out for good!
Title: Alpha | Genres: adventure, drama | Overview: In the prehistoric past, Keda, a young and inexperienced hunter, struggles to return home after being separated from his tribe when bison hunting goes awry. On his way back he will find an unexpected ally.
Title: Get the Gringo | Genres: action, thriller, crime, drama | Overview: A career criminal nabbed by Mexican authorities is placed in a tough prison where he learns to survive with the help of a 9-year-old boy.
Title: Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Just when you thought it was safe to sleep, Freddy Krueger returns in this sixth installment of the Nightmare on Elm Street films, as psychologist Maggie Burroughs, tormented by recurring nightmares, meets a patient with the same horrific dreams. Their quest for answers leads to a certain house on Elm Street -- where the nightmares become reality.
Title: Adore | Genres: drama | Overview: Lil and Roz are two lifelong friends, having grown up together as neighbors in an idyllic beach town. As adults, their sons have developed a friendship as strong as that which binds their mothers. One summer, all four are confronted by simmering emotions that have been mounting between them, and each find unexpected happiness in relationships that cross the bounds of convention.
Title: Green Book | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Tony Lip, a bouncer in 1962, is hired to drive pianist Don Shirley on a tour through the Deep South in the days when African Americans, forced to find alternate accommodations and services due to segregation laws below the Mason-Dixon Line, relied on a guide called The Negro Motorist Green Book.
Title: Men in Black II | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, science fiction | Overview: Kay and Jay reunite to provide our best, last and only line of defense against a sinister seductress who levels the toughest challenge yet to the MIB's untarnished mission statement – protecting Earth from the scum of the universe. It's been four years since the alien-seeking agents averted an intergalactic disaster of epic proportions. Now it's a race against the clock as Jay must convince Kay – who not only has absolutely no memory of his time spent with the MIB, but is also the only living person left with the expertise to save the galaxy – to reunite with the MIB before the earth submits to ultimate destruction.
Title: Mary Poppins | Genres: comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: A magical nanny employs music and adventure to help two neglected children become closer to their father.
Title: Young Mother 5 | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Ji-suk, a wealthy mother, wants to send her son, Se-hyuk, to the medical school. While looking for a competent private education coordination, Although it succeeded in recruiting a high-ranking entrance exam coordinator,'Starring', which only a few elite students selected. After hearing the rumors,'Namjae,' the father of Euntae, a high school examinee next door, hears rumors and comes to contact the main character. Like this, the parents of Se-hyeok and Eun-tae's neighbors 'Starring', who was in a difficult situation after entering a strange competition Eventually, I would share the day of the week to go to both houses to teach Se-hyuk and Eun-tae. Although they will agree with the two families, Eun Tae, who is a senior high school student, is in medical school. Not interested and only busy with high school girlfriends Se-hyuk starts talking to a beautiful tutor, starring than the entrance exam.
Title: Maggie Simpson in The Force Awakens from Its Nap | Genres: family, animation, comedy, science fiction | Overview: In a daycare far, far away… but still in Springfield, Maggie is on an epic quest for her stolen pacifier. Her adventure brings her face-to-face with young Padawans, Sith Lords, familiar droids, Rebel scum, and an ultimate battle against the dark side, in this original short celebrating the Star Wars galaxy.
Title: Kill Bill: Vol. 1 | Genres: action, crime | Overview: An assassin is shot by her ruthless employer, Bill, and other members of their assassination circle – but she lives to plot her vengeance.
"Title: Fate/stay night: Heaven's Feel I. Presage Flower | Genres: action, animation, drama, fantasy, romance | Overview: Shiro Emiya is a young magus who attends Homurahara Academy in Fuyuki City. One day after cleaning the Archery Dojo in his school, he catches a glimpse of a fight between superhuman beings, and he gets involved in the Holy Grail War, a ritual where magi called Masters fight each other with their Servants to win the Holy Grail. Shiro joins the battle to stop an evildoer from winning the Grail and to save innocent people, but everything goes wrong when a mysterious ""Shadow"" begins to indiscriminately kill people in Fuyuki..."
Title: Xtreme | Genres: action, adventure, crime | Overview: Two years after the murder of his son and father, a retired hitman sets in motion a carefully crafted revenge plan against the killer: his own brother.
Title: His House | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: After making a harrowing escape from war-torn South Sudan, a young refugee couple struggle to adjust to their new life in a small English town that has an unspeakable evil lurking beneath the surface.
Title: Innocent Witness | Genres: drama | Overview: An old man is found dead, and his housekeeper is charged with the murder. Her defense attorney is surprised to learn the only witness to the crime is a teenage girl with Asperger’s.
Title: G.I. Joe: Retaliation | Genres: science fiction, adventure, action, thriller | Overview: Framed for crimes against the country, the G.I. Joe team is terminated by Presidential order. This forces the G.I. Joes into not only fighting their mortal enemy Cobra; they are forced to contend with threats from within the government that jeopardize their very existence.
Title: Open 24 Hours | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: After setting her serial killer boyfriend on fire, a paranoid delusional woman gets a job at an all-night gas station. The isolation triggers her anxiety and hallucinations, with devastatingly gory results.
Title: Pocahontas II: Journey to a New World | Genres: family, adventure, animation, romance | Overview: When news of John Smith's death reaches America, Pocahontas is devastated. She sets off to London with John Rolfe, to meet with the King of England on a diplomatic mission: to create peace and respect between the two great lands. However, Governor Ratcliffe is still around; he wants to return to Jamestown and take over. He will stop at nothing to discredit the young princess.
Title: S.W.A.T.: Under Siege | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: When a D.E.A. and S.W.A.T. cartel takedown ends in a shootout, S.W.A.T. Agent Travis Hall seizes a mysterious prisoner taking him into custody. Before long, the S.W.A.T. compound is under siege by wave-after-wave of assault teams attempting to recover the prisoner known as “The Scorpion” for the tattoo blazed across his back. When Travis discovers that his prisoner is a Secret Ops double agent planted within the cartel, it’s up to him and his expert S.W.A.T. team to keep “The Scorpion” and his billion dollar secrets safe.
Title: Grease | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Australian good girl Sandy and greaser Danny fell in love over the summer. But when they unexpectedly discover they're now in the same high school, will they be able to rekindle their romance despite their eccentric friends?
Title: It Boy | Genres: comedy | Overview: Alice Lantins is 38, ambitious and so committed to her work that she neglects her personal life. In short, she is the ideal candidate for the next editor of the magazine Rebelle, or would be were it not for the fact that she appears to be stuck in a rut. When Balthazar, a charming 20-year-old, crosses her path, her colleagues begin to see her in a whole new light...
Title: Jesus | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Three and a half years of Jesus' ministry, as told in the Gospel of Luke.
Title: Kuroko no Basket Movie 3: Winter Cup Soushuuhen - Tobira no Mukou | Genres: animation | Overview: The third of three Kuroko no Basket compilation films.
Title: 10 Things I Hate About You | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: On the first day at his new school, Cameron instantly falls for Bianca, the gorgeous girl of his dreams. The only problem is that Bianca is forbidden to date until her ill-tempered, completely un-dateable older sister Kat goes out, too. In an attempt to solve his problem, Cameron singles out the only guy who could possibly be a match for Kat: a mysterious bad boy with a nasty reputation of his own.
Title: Transporter 3 | Genres: action, adventure, thriller, crime | Overview: Frank Martin puts the driving gloves on to deliver Valentina, the kidnapped daughter of a Ukranian government official, from Marseilles to Odessa on the Black Sea. En route, he has to contend with thugs who want to intercept Valentina's safe delivery and not let his personal feelings get in the way of his dangerous objective.
Title: Carnaval | Genres: comedy | Overview: After a breakup, an influencer takes her friends on a free trip to Bahia's vibrant Carnival, where she learns life's not just about social media likes.
Title: Stuart Little 2 | Genres: family, adventure, animation, comedy | Overview: Stuart, an adorable white mouse, still lives happily with his adoptive family, the Littles, on the east side of Manhattan's Central Park. More crazy mouse adventures are in store as Stuart, his human brother, George, and their mischievous cat, Snowbell, set out to rescue a friend.
Title: The Ring | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: It sounded like just another urban legend: A videotape filled with nightmarish images, leading to a phone call foretelling the viewer's death in exactly seven days. As a newspaper reporter, Rachel Keller was naturally skeptical of the story, until four teenagers all met with mysterious deaths exactly one week after watching just such a tape. Allowing her investigative curiosity to get the better of her, Rachel tracks down the video... and watches it. Now she has just seven days to unravel the mystery of the Ring.
"Title: The Scorpion King 3: Battle for Redemption | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, drama | Overview: Since his triumphant rise to power in the original blockbuster ""The Scorpion King"", Mathayus' kingdom has fallen and he's lost his queen to plague. Now an assassin for hire, he must defend a kingdom from an evil tyrant and his ghost warriors for the chance to regain the power and glory he once knew. Starring Ron Perlman (""Hellboy"") and Billy Zane (""Titanic""), and featuring 6-time WWE champion Dave Bautista and UFC star Kimbo Slice, ""The Scorpion King 3: Battle for Redemption"" takes ""The Mummy"" phenomenon to an all-new level of epic action and non-stop adventure."
Title: Olaf's Frozen Adventure | Genres: animation, family, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Olaf is on a mission to harness the best holiday traditions for Anna, Elsa, and Kristoff.
Title: Jason X | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: In the year 2455, Old Earth is now a contaminated planet abandoned for centuries -- a brown world of violent storms, toxic landmasses and poisonous seas. Yet humans have returned to the deadly place that they once fled, not to live, but to research the ancient, rusting artifacts of the long-gone civilizations. But it's not the harmful environment that could prove fatal to the intrepid, young explorers who have just landed on Old Earth. For them, it's Friday the 13th, and Jason lives!
Title: Ghost Lab | Genres: drama, horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: After witnessing a haunting in their hospital, two doctors become dangerously obsessed with obtaining scientific proof that ghosts exist.
Title: Warm Bodies | Genres: horror, comedy, romance | Overview: After a zombie becomes involved with the girlfriend of one of his victims, their romance sets in motion a sequence of events that might transform the entire lifeless world.
Title: A Naija Christmas | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Three sons try to make their mother’s dreams come true by bringing home wives for Christmas.
Title: Better Days | Genres: drama | Overview: A bullied teenage girl forms an unlikely friendship with a mysterious young man who protects her from her assailants, while she copes with the pressures of her final examinations.
Title: Porco Rosso | Genres: family, comedy, animation, adventure | Overview: In Italy in the 1930s, sky pirates in biplanes terrorize wealthy cruise ships as they sail the Adriatic Sea. The only pilot brave enough to stop the scourge is the mysterious Porco Rosso, a former World War I flying ace who was somehow turned into a pig during the war. As he prepares to battle the pirate crew's American ace, Porco Rosso enlists the help of spunky girl mechanic Fio Piccolo and his longtime friend Madame Gina.
Title: Doraemon: Nobita and the Windmasters | Genres: animation, fantasy | Overview: One day, Nobita runs into a creature-like ball of wind, which came from a faraway land, but blew into their neighbourhood following the recent typhoon that went through the area. Nobita names it Fuuko. Eventually, he, Doraemon and their friends take it to a vast countryside through the Anywhere Door. There, they learn about the Wind and Storm Villages, and Fuuko’s real identity. Soon, Nobita and his friends have to protect Fuuko from the Storm Village and a now-possessed Nobuo, who is being controlled by the spirit of the Storm Village’s former leader.
Title: Superman Returns | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: Superman returns to discover his 5-year absence has allowed Lex Luthor to walk free, and that those he was closest to felt abandoned and have moved on. Luthor plots his ultimate revenge that could see millions killed and change the face of the planet forever, as well as ridding himself of the Man of Steel.
Title: Why Him? | Genres: comedy | Overview: A dad forms a bitter rivalry with his daughter's young rich boyfriend.
Title: 8 Mile | Genres: music, drama | Overview: For Jimmy Smith, Jr., life is a daily fight just to keep hope alive. Feeding his dreams in Detroit's vibrant music scene, Jimmy wages an extraordinary personal struggle to find his own voice - and earn a place in a world where rhymes rule, legends are born and every moment… is another chance.
Title: Sekaiichi Hatsukoi Movie | Genres: animation, romance, drama | Overview: Yokozawa meets a man (Kirishima) and his life is turned around. Kirishima starts to blackmail and tease Yokozawa, but Kirishima might actually be trying to help him recover from an emotional period of his life in the process.
Title: Tomorrow Never Dies | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: A deranged media mogul is staging international incidents to pit the world's superpowers against each other. Now James Bond must take on this evil mastermind in an adrenaline-charged battle to end his reign of terror and prevent global pandemonium.
Title: Carrie | Genres: drama, horror | Overview: A reimagining of the classic horror tale about Carrie White, a shy girl outcast by her peers and sheltered by her deeply religious mother, who unleashes telekinetic terror on her small town after being pushed too far at her senior prom.
"Title: Bungo Stray Dogs: Dead Apple | Genres: animation, action, comedy, mystery, crime, fantasy | Overview: A large scale catastrophe is occurring across the planet. Ability users are discovered after the appearance of a mysterious fog, apparently having committed suicide, so the Armed Detective Agency sets out to investigate these mysterious deaths. The case seems to involve an unknown ability user referred to as ""Collector,"" a man who could be the mastermind behind the incident. Trust and courage are put to the test in order to save the city of Yokohama and ability users across the world from the grip of Collector where the Armed Detective Agency forms an unlikely partnership with the dangerous Port Mafia."
Title: Love and Monsters | Genres: comedy, action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Seven years since the Monsterpocalypse began, Joel Dawson has been living underground in order to survive. But after reconnecting over radio with his high school girlfriend Aimee, Joel decides to venture out to reunite with her, despite all the dangerous monsters that stand in his way.
Title: Summer Wars | Genres: animation | Overview: Kenji is your typical teenage misfit. He’s good at math, bad with girls, and spends most of his time hanging out in the all-powerful online community known as OZ. His second life is the only life he has — until the girl of his dreams, Natsuki, hijacks him for a starring role as a fake fiancé at her family reunion. Things only get stranger from there. A late-night email containing a cryptic mathematic riddle leads to the unleashing of a rogue AI intent on using the virtual world of OZ to destroy the real world. As Armageddon looms on the horizon, Kenji and his new “family” set aside their differences and band together to save the worlds they inhabit in this “near-perfect blend of social satire and science fiction.”
Title: Blade Runner | Genres: science fiction, drama, thriller | Overview: In the smog-choked dystopian Los Angeles of 2019, blade runner Rick Deckard is called out of retirement to terminate a quartet of replicants who have escaped to Earth seeking their creator for a way to extend their short life spans.
"Title: Pet Sematary | Genres: horror | Overview: Dr. Louis Creed's family moves into the country house of their dreams and discover a pet cemetery at the back of their property. The cursed burial ground deep in the woods brings the dead back to life -- with ""minor"" problems. At first, only the family's cat makes the return trip, but an accident forces a heartbroken father to contemplate the unthinkable."
Title: 2001: A Space Odyssey | Genres: science fiction, mystery, adventure | Overview: Humanity finds a mysterious object buried beneath the lunar surface and sets off to find its origins with the help of HAL 9000, the world's most advanced super computer.
Title: Spy | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: A desk-bound CIA analyst volunteers to go undercover to infiltrate the world of a deadly arms dealer, and prevent diabolical global disaster.
Title: Kick-Ass 2 | Genres: action, adventure, crime | Overview: After Kick-Ass’ insane bravery inspires a new wave of self-made masked crusaders, he joins a patrol led by the Colonel Stars and Stripes. When these amateur superheroes are hunted down by Red Mist — reborn as The Mother Fucker — only the blade-wielding Hit-Girl can prevent their annihilation.
Title: Barbie: A Fairy Secret | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: Get ready for Barbie: A Fairy Secret, an amazing adventure with Barbie where she discovers there are fairies living secretly all around us! When Ken is suddenly whisked away by a group of fairies, Barbie's two fashion stylist friends reveal they are actually fairies and that Ken has been taken to a magical secret fairy world not far away! Barbie and her rival Raquelle take off with the fairy friends on an action-packed journey to bring him back. Along the way they must stick together and learn that the real magic lies not just in the fairy world itself, but in the power of friendship.
Title: Speed | Genres: action, adventure, crime | Overview: Los Angeles SWAT cop Jack Traven is up against bomb expert Howard Payne, who's after major ransom money. First it's a rigged elevator in a very tall building. Then it's a rigged bus--if it slows, it will blow, bad enough any day, but a nightmare in LA traffic. And that's still not the end.
Title: Death of Me | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: A couple on holiday on a remote South Pacific island awaken one morning with a hang over and no recollection of what transpired. When playing back a video of the previous night, they see they participated in a local ritual that somehow ends with him murdering her.
Title: Last Summer | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: For Deniz, a 16-year-old teenager, this summer is different from the others. Deniz, who goes to his family's summer house every year, falls in love with a young girl named Aslı. Trying to get closer to Aslı, Deniz realizes that a handsome young man, Burak, also likes Aslı.
Title: Mission: Impossible | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: When Ethan Hunt, the leader of a crack espionage team whose perilous operation has gone awry with no explanation, discovers that a mole has penetrated the CIA, he's surprised to learn that he's the No. 1 suspect. To clear his name, Hunt now must ferret out the real double agent and, in the process, even the score.
Title: Aloha Scooby-Doo! | Genres: mystery, family, animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: The Mystery Gang goes to Hawaii for the Big Kahuna of Hanahuna Surfing Contest. However, the gang and the locals find the island invaded by the vengeful Wiki Tiki spirit and his demons.
Title: American History X | Genres: drama | Overview: Derek Vineyard is paroled after serving 3 years in prison for killing two African-American men. Through his brother, Danny Vineyard's narration, we learn that before going to prison, Derek was a skinhead and the leader of a violent white supremacist gang that committed acts of racial crime throughout L.A. and his actions greatly influenced Danny. Reformed and fresh out of prison, Derek severs contact with the gang and becomes determined to keep Danny from going down the same violent path as he did.
Title: Ghost in the Shell | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: In the year 2029, the barriers of our world have been broken down by the net and by cybernetics, but this brings new vulnerability to humans in the form of brain-hacking. When a highly-wanted hacker known as 'The Puppetmaster' begins involving them in politics, Section 9, a group of cybernetically enhanced cops, are called in to investigate and stop the Puppetmaster.
Title: Leap Year | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: When yet another anniversary passes without a marriage proposal from her boyfriend, Anna decides to take action. Aware of a Celtic tradition that allows women to pop the question on Feb. 29, she plans to follow her lover to Dublin and ask him to marry her. Fate has other plans, however, and Anna winds up on the other side of the Emerald Isle with handsome, but surly, Declan -- an Irishman who may just lead Anna down the road to true love.
Title: As Above, So Below | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: When a team of explorers ventures into the catacombs that lie beneath the streets of Paris, they uncover the dark secret that lies within this city of the dead.
Title: Die Hard | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: NYPD cop John McClane's plan to reconcile with his estranged wife is thrown for a serious loop when, minutes after he arrives at her office, the entire building is overtaken by a group of terrorists. With little help from the LAPD, wisecracking McClane sets out to single-handedly rescue the hostages and bring the bad guys down.
Title: Silent Hill | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: In search for answers, a mother travels to the enigmatic town of Silent Hill when her daughter begins to suffer recurring nightmares related to the place. It doesn't take long for her to discover its home to beings as equally haunting as the town itself.
Title: One Punch Man: Road to Hero | Genres: action, animation | Overview: Defeating numerous villains in the abandoned area in Z-City but still having problems with rent money (and continued harassment from the landlady who says he's 3 months overdue), Saitama speaks with a shop owner who is being forced by a local gang to surrender his store's deed. Several other shops have gone out of business and his store is the last one; a conversation between the gang boss and one of his stooges reveal that the boss has had an impulse to buy out all the stores in the area to destroy them.
Title: Not Another Teen Movie | Genres: comedy | Overview: On a bet, a gridiron hero at John Hughes High School sets out to turn a bespectacled plain Jane into a beautiful and popular prom queen in this outrageous send-up of the teen movies of the 1980s and '90s.
Title: Dune | Genres: action, science fiction, adventure | Overview: In the year 10,191, the world is at war for control of the desert planet Arrakis—the only place where the space-travel substance Melange 'Spice' can be found. But when one leader gives up control, it's only so he can stage a coup with some unsavory characters.
Title: Barbie as the Island Princess | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Barbie plays Rosella in this new musical film. Shipwrecked as a child, Rosella grows up on the island under the watchful eyes of her loving animal friends. The arrival of Prince Antonio leads Rosella and her furry pals to explore civilization and ultimately save the kingdom by uncovering a secret plot.
Title: Bermuda Tentacles | Genres: science fiction | Overview: After Air Force One goes down during a storm over the Bermuda Triangle, the United States Navy is dispatched to find the escape pod holding the President. A giant monster beneath the ocean awakens and attacks the fleet.
Title: Freaky Friday | Genres: comedy, family, romance, fantasy | Overview: Mother and daughter bicker over everything -- what Anna wears, whom she likes and what she wants to do when she's older. In turn, Anna detests Tess's fiancé. When a magical fortune cookie switches their personalities, they each get a peek at how the other person feels, thinks and lives.
Title: Barb & Star Go to Vista Del Mar | Genres: comedy | Overview: The story of best friends Barb and Star, who leave their small midwestern town for the first time to go on vacation in Vista Del Mar, Florida, where they soon find themselves tangled up in adventure, love, and a villain’s evil plot to kill everyone in town.
Title: Father Christmas Is Back | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Four sisters – Caroline, Joanna, Paulina, and Vicky – reunite for the Christmas Holiday in a Yorkshire mansion. However, their estranged father, James, joins in for the first time since he left the family behind decades prior. The group attempts to get through the holiday despite comedic misunderstandings, while also uncovering the long-buried secret that tore their family apart, so many years ago.
Title: The Indian in the Cupboard | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: A nine-year-old boy gets a plastic Indian and a cupboard for his birthday and finds himself involved in adventure when the Indian comes to life and befriends him.
Title: The Worst Person in the World | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: The chronicles of four years in the life of Julie, a young woman who navigates the troubled waters of her love life and struggles to find her career path, leading her to take a realistic look at who she really is.
Title: Killer Bean Forever | Genres: action, animation, crime, thriller | Overview: When things go bad in Beantown, top assassin Killer Bean is called to clean-up the mess. Detective Cromwell finds himself in the middle between Killer Bean and mob boss Cappuccino.
Title: Desire | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Lucía and Ofelia, two sisters, finally meet after 7 years of cold relationships upon Lucia 's wedding. But when Juan, Lucia's husband, and Ofelia meet, they feel like a disruptive fantasy have enchanted their minds and bodies...
Title: Sexo salvaje | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: A young couple going through a matrimonial crisis decides to open their relationship to new sexual experiences and adopt the swinger lifestyle, discovering not only a world without sexual limits, but also challenging the frontiers of their confidence.
Title: Saint Seiya: Evil Goddess Eris | Genres: action, animation, fantasy | Overview: When Seiya, Hyōga and Shun visit Saori (Athena) at the orphanage, they meet an employee called Eri. An orphan herself, Eri takes a liking to Hyōga and one night they sit outside watching the stars. They see a shooting star and Hyōga asks Eri to make a wish. After Hyōga leaves, however, Eri becomes powerfully attracted to the shooting star and wanders alone into the woods, where she finds a golden apple. She is then possessed by Eris, the Goddess of Discord, and kidnaps Athena, planning to use the golden apple to suck her energy out, fully reincarnate and take over the world. Eris leaves a message for the Bronze Saints, who set out for the goddess's temple which appears on the mountains. There, the heroes fight the five Ghost Saints: Maya of Sagitta, Orpheus of Lyra, Christ of the Southern Cross, Jan of Scutum (called by the Japanese name Tateza) and Jäger of Orion.
Title: Man of Tai Chi | Genres: action, drama | Overview: In Beijing, a young martial artist's skill places him in position to experience opportunities and sacrifices.
Title: Homefront | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Phil Broker is a former DEA agent who has gone through a crisis after his action against a biker gang went horribly wrong and it cost the life of his boss' son. He is recently widowed and is left with a 9-years-old daughter, Maddy. He decides to quit the turbulent and demanding life of thrill for Maddy's sake and retires to a small town. His daughter fights off a boy who was bullying her at school and this sets in motion a round of events that end in his direct confrontation with the local Meth drug lord. His past history with the biker gang also enters the arena, making matters more complex. But he has a mission in his mind to protect his daughter and he is ready to pay any cost that it demands.
Title: Alien Resurrection | Genres: science fiction, horror, action | Overview: Two hundred years after Lt. Ripley died, a group of scientists clone her, hoping to breed the ultimate weapon. But the new Ripley is full of surprises … as are the new aliens. Ripley must team with a band of smugglers to keep the creatures from reaching Earth.
Title: The Wedding Ringer | Genres: comedy | Overview: Doug Harris is a loveable but socially awkward groom-to-be with a problem: he has no best man. With less than two weeks to go until he marries the girl of his dreams, Doug is referred to Jimmy Callahan, owner and CEO of Best Man, Inc., a company that provides flattering best men for socially challenged guys in need. What ensues is a hilarious wedding charade as they try to pull off the big con, and an unexpected budding bromance between Doug and his fake best man Jimmy.
Title: The Butterfly Effect | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: A young man struggles to access sublimated childhood memories. He finds a technique that allows him to travel back into the past, to occupy his childhood body and change history. However, he soon finds that every change he makes has unexpected consequences.
Title: The Raid 2 | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: After fighting his way through an apartment building populated by an army of dangerous criminals and escaping with his life, SWAT team member Rama goes undercover, joining a powerful Indonesian crime syndicate to protect his family and uncover corrupt members of his own force.
Title: This Is the End | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: While attending a party at James Franco's house, Seth Rogen, Jay Baruchel and many other celebrities are faced with the apocalypse.
Title: Scott Pilgrim vs. the World | Genres: action, comedy, fantasy, romance | Overview: As bass guitarist for a garage-rock band, Scott Pilgrim has never had trouble getting a girlfriend; usually, the problem is getting rid of them. But when Ramona Flowers skates into his heart, he finds she has the most troublesome baggage of all: an army of ex-boyfriends who will stop at nothing to eliminate him from her list of suitors.
Title: A Christmas Carol | Genres: animation, family, drama, fantasy | Overview: Miser Ebenezer Scrooge is awakened on Christmas Eve by spirits who reveal to him his own miserable existence, what opportunities he wasted in his youth, his current cruelties, and the dire fate that awaits him if he does not change his ways. Scrooge is faced with his own story of growing bitterness and meanness, and must decide what his own future will hold: death or redemption.
"Title: The Help | Genres: drama | Overview: Aibileen Clark is a middle-aged African-American maid who has spent her life raising white children and has recently lost her only son; Minny Jackson is an African-American maid who has often offended her employers despite her family's struggles with money and her desperate need for jobs; and Eugenia ""Skeeter"" Phelan is a young white woman who has recently moved back home after graduating college to find out her childhood maid has mysteriously disappeared. These three stories intertwine to explain how life in Jackson, Mississippi revolves around ""the help""; yet they are always kept at a certain distance because of racial lines."
Title: Jack and Jill | Genres: comedy | Overview: Jack Sadelstein, a successful advertising executive in Los Angeles with a beautiful wife and kids, dreads one event each year: the Thanksgiving visit of his twin sister Jill. Jill's neediness and passive-aggressiveness is maddening to Jack, turning his normally tranquil life upside down.
"Title: Happier Than Ever: A Love Letter to Los Angeles | Genres: music | Overview: Fresh off the heels of her brand-new album, ""Happier Than Ever,"" this cinematic concert experience features an intimate performance of every song in the album's sequential order – for the first and only time – from the stage of the legendary Hollywood Bowl."
Title: St. Vincent | Genres: comedy | Overview: A young boy whose parents just divorced finds an unlikely friend and mentor in the misanthropic, bawdy, hedonistic, war veteran who lives next door.
Title: Blue Lagoon: The Awakening | Genres: drama, adventure, romance, tv movie | Overview: Two high school students become stranded on a tropical island and must rely on each other for survival. They learn more about themselves and each other while falling in love.
Title: The Return of the Living Dead | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: When foreman Frank shows new employee Freddy a secret military experiment in a supply warehouse in Louisville, Kentucky, the two klutzes accidentally release a gas that reanimates corpses into flesh-eating zombies. As the epidemic spreads throughout the town, and the creatures satisfy their hunger in gory and outlandish ways, Frank and Freddy fight to survive with the help of their boss and a mysterious mortician.
Title: Life As We Know It | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: After a distastrous first date for caterer Holly and network sports director Messer, all they have is common is a dislike for each other and their love for their goddaughter Sophie. But when they suddenly become all Sophie has in this world, Holly and Messer must set their differences aside. Juggling careers and social calendars, they'll have to find common ground while living under the same roof.
Title: No Mercy | Genres: action, crime, thriller, mystery | Overview: A woman seeks to take revenge when her younger sister disappears and she finds out that her sister suffered violence and sexual abuse from school bullies.
Title: Eagle Eye | Genres: mystery, thriller, action | Overview: Jerry Shaw and Rachel Holloman are two strangers whose lives are suddenly thrown into turmoil by a mysterious woman they have never met. Threatening their lives and family, the unseen caller uses everyday technology to control their actions and push them into increasing danger. As events escalate, Jerry and Rachel become the country's most-wanted fugitives and must figure out what is happening to them.
Title: Checkered Ninja | Genres: animation, comedy, adventure, fantasy, family | Overview: A possessed Ninja doll teams up with a teenage boy to avenge the murder of a poor child factory worker.
Title: Collateral Beauty | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Retreating from life after a tragedy, a man questions the universe by writing to Love, Time and Death. Receiving unexpected answers, he begins to see how these things interlock and how even loss can reveal moments of meaning and beauty.
Title: The Spy Next Door | Genres: action, comedy, family | Overview: Former CIA spy Bob Ho takes on his toughest assignment to date: looking after his girlfriend's three kids, who haven't exactly warmed to their mom's beau. And when one of the youngsters accidentally downloads a top-secret formula, Bob's longtime nemesis, a Russian terrorist, pays a visit to the family.
Title: Atlantis: The Lost Empire | Genres: animation, family, adventure, science fiction | Overview: The world's most highly qualified crew of archaeologists and explorers is led by historian Milo Thatch as they board the incredible 1,000-foot submarine Ulysses and head deep into the mysteries of the sea. The underwater expedition takes an unexpected turn when the team's mission must switch from exploring Atlantis to protecting it.
Title: The Bear | Genres: adventure, drama, family | Overview: An orphan bear cub hooks up with an adult male as they try to dodge human hunters.
Title: Elite Squad | Genres: drama, action, crime | Overview: In 1997, before the visit of the pope to Rio de Janeiro, Captain Nascimento from BOPE (Special Police Operations Battalion) is assigned to eliminate the risks of the drug dealers in a dangerous slum nearby where the pope intends to be lodged.
Title: The Rugrats Movie | Genres: family, animation, comedy, adventure | Overview: Annoyed by the responsibility of being an older brother to Dil, Tommy sets out with Chuckie, Phil, and Lil to return his baby brother to the hospital. However, they inadvertently get lost in the woods during their trip.
Title: Blood Diamond | Genres: drama, thriller, action | Overview: An ex-mercenary turned smuggler. A Mende fisherman. Amid the explosive civil war overtaking 1999 Sierra Leone, these men join for two desperate missions: recovering a rare pink diamond of immense value and rescuing the fisherman's son, conscripted as a child soldier into the brutal rebel forces ripping a swath of torture and bloodshed countrywide.
Title: The Spiderwick Chronicles | Genres: family, adventure, fantasy, drama | Overview: Upon moving into the run-down Spiderwick Estate with their mother, twin brothers Jared and Simon Grace, along with their sister Mallory, find themselves pulled into an alternate world full of faeries and other creatures.
Title: Battleship | Genres: thriller, action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: When mankind beams a radio signal into space, a reply comes from ‘Planet G’, in the form of several alien crafts that splash down in the waters off Hawaii. Lieutenant Alex Hopper is a weapons officer assigned to the USS John Paul Jones, part of an international naval coalition which becomes the world's last hope for survival as they engage the hostile alien force of unimaginable strength. While taking on the invaders, Hopper must also try to live up to the potential that his brother, and his fiancée's father—an Admiral—expect of him.
Title: Justice League: Throne of Atlantis | Genres: science fiction, action, animation, adventure | Overview: After the events of Justice League: War, Ocean Master and Black Manta have declared a war against the surface in retaliation of the aftermath of Apokoliptian-tyrant Darkseid's planetary invasion. Queen Atlanna seeks out her other son, Ocean Master’s half-brother Arthur Curry, a half-human with aquatic powers with no knowledge of his Atlantean heritage, to restore balance. Living with powers he doesn’t understand and seeing the danger around him, Curry takes steps to embrace his destiny, joining the Justice League, and with his new teammates he battles to save Earth from total destruction.
Title: Transporter 2 | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: Professional driver Frank Martin is living in Miami, where he is temporarily filling in for a friend as the chauffeur for a government narcotics control policymaker and his family. The young boy in the family is targeted for kidnapping, and Frank immediately becomes involved in protecting the child and exposing the kidnappers.
Title: Ouija: Origin of Evil | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: In 1965 Los Angeles, a widowed mother and her two daughters add a new stunt to bolster their séance scam business and unwittingly invite authentic evil into their home. When the youngest daughter is overtaken by the merciless spirit, this small family confronts unthinkable fears to save her and send her possessor back to the other side.
Title: The Amityville Horror | Genres: horror | Overview: This hair-raising remake of the 1979 horror hit depicts the ordeal of the Lutz clan, whose new home has a gory past and a legacy of demons. Before long, the family patriarch is plagued by nightmares and his daughter is seeing phantoms.
Title: Bloodsport | Genres: action, drama | Overview: U.S. soldier Frank Dux has come to Hong Kong to be accepted into the Kumite, a highly secret and extremely violent martial arts competition. While trying to gain access into the underground world of clandestine fighters, he also has to avoid military officers who consider him to be AWOL. After enduring a difficult training and beginning a romance with journalist Janice Kent, Frank is given the opportunity to fight. But can he survive?
Title: Mission: Impossible II | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: With computer genius Luther Stickell at his side and a beautiful thief on his mind, agent Ethan Hunt races across Australia and Spain to stop a former IMF agent from unleashing a genetically engineered biological weapon called Chimera. This mission, should Hunt choose to accept it, plunges him into the center of an international crisis of terrifying magnitude.
Title: Friday the 13th Part VI: Jason Lives | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: Determined to finish off the infamous killer Jason Voorhees once and for all, Tommy Jarvis and a friend exhume Jason’s corpse in order to cremate him. Things go awry when Jason is instead resurrected, sparking a new chain of ruthlessly brutal murders. Now it’s up to Tommy to stop the dark, devious and demented deaths that he unwittingly brought about.
Title: Kung Fu Hustle | Genres: action, comedy, crime, fantasy | Overview: It's the 1940s, and the notorious Axe Gang terrorizes Shanghai. Small-time criminals Sing and Bone hope to join, but they only manage to make lots of very dangerous enemies. Fortunately for them, kung fu masters and hidden strength can be found in unlikely places. Now they just have to take on the entire Axe Gang.
Title: Friendzone | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Hopeful romantic Thibault believes his luck could change when sparks fly between him and Rose. But can he go from bestie to boyfriend?
Title: Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Mill Valley, Pennsylvania, Halloween night, 1968. After playing a joke on a school bully, Sarah and her friends decide to sneak into a supposedly haunted house that once belonged to the powerful Bellows family, unleashing dark forces that they will be unable to control.
Title: Jason Bourne | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: The most dangerous former operative of the CIA is drawn out of hiding to uncover hidden truths about his past.
Title: Deep Water | Genres: drama, romance, thriller | Overview: Vic and Melinda Van Allen are a couple in the small town of Little Wesley. Their loveless marriage is held together only by a precarious arrangement whereby, in order to avoid the messiness of divorce, Melinda is allowed to take any number of lovers as long as she does not desert her family.
"Title: La leyenda de la Llorona | Genres: family, animation | Overview: Leo San Juan, el joven héroe de ""La Leyenda de la Nahuala"", está de regreso en una tenebrosa misión: atrapar a La Llorona, el maléfico espectro que desde hace siglos mantiene aterrorizado al pueblo de Xochimilco. Utilizando su experiencia como cazafantasmas, Leo y sus compañeros de aventura, logran dar con La Llorona y hacen hasta lo imposible por vencerla. Sin embargo, todos sus esfuerzos no sólo resultan inútiles, sino que ellos mismos terminan sufriendo la maldición de La Llorona..."
Title: The Little Mermaid | Genres: family, adventure, fantasy, romance, drama | Overview: A young reporter and his niece discover a beautiful and enchanting creature they believe to be the real little mermaid.
"Title: We Are the Nobles | Genres: comedy | Overview: Tells the ""riches to rags"" story of the Nobles, three upper-class twenty-somethings that appear to have no limits to their checkbooks, and no direction in their lives. Until one day, their father tries to teach them a lesson by staging a financial scandal that forces the whole family to escape to an old house in the poor side of town, and leads the ""kids"" to do what they haven't done before: get jobs."
Title: Role Models | Genres: comedy | Overview: Two salesmen trash a company truck on an energy drink-fueled bender. Upon their arrest, the court gives them a choice: do hard time or spend 150 service hours with a mentorship program. After one day with the kids, however, jail doesn't look half bad.
Title: Drive Angry | Genres: fantasy, thriller, action, crime | Overview: Milton is a hardened felon who has broken out of Hell, intent on finding the vicious cult who brutally murdered his daughter and kidnapped her baby. He joins forces with a sexy, tough-as-nails waitress, who's also seeking redemption of her own. Caught in a deadly race against time, Milton has three days to avoid capture, avenge his daughter's death, and save her baby before she's mercilessly sacrificed by the cult.
Title: Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang | Genres: comedy, fantasy, family | Overview: Nanny McPhee appears at the door of a harried young mother who is trying to run the family farm while her husband is away at war. But once she’s arrived, Nanny discovers that the children are fighting a war of their own against two spoiled city cousins who have just moved in. Relying on everything from a flying motorcycle and a statue that comes to life to a tree-climbing piglet and a baby elephant, Nanny uses her magic to teach her mischievous charges five new lessons.
Title: Bayala: A Magical Adventure | Genres: adventure, animation, family, fantasy | Overview: As the dragons have almost disappeared from the kingdom of Bayala, the magic powers of the fairies are weakening. The fairy princesses Sera and Surah are thrilled when they discover they have the key to save the world in their hands: a dragon egg! Now the sisters must reach the dragon mountains and they embark on an adventurous journey into the unknown...
Title: The Judge | Genres: drama | Overview: A successful lawyer returns to his hometown for his mother's funeral only to discover that his estranged father, the town's judge, is suspected of murder.
Title: Animal Crackers | Genres: comedy, animation, adventure | Overview: A family must use a magical box of Animal Crackers to save a rundown circus from being taken over by their evil uncle Horatio P. Huntington.
Title: Ferry | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: Before he built a drug empire, Ferry Bouman returns to his hometown on a revenge mission that finds his loyalty tested — and a love that alters his life.
Title: The Legend of La Llorona | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: While vacationing in Mexico, a couple discovers their son's disappearance is tied to a supernatural curse.
"Title: Sabotage | Genres: action, drama, thriller, crime | Overview: John ""Breacher"" Wharton leads an elite DEA task force that takes on the world's deadliest drug cartels. When the team successfully executes a high-stakes raid on a cartel safe house, they think their work is done – until, one-by-one, the team members mysteriously start to be eliminated. As the body count rises, everyone is a suspect."
Title: Rough Night | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Five best friends from college reunite 10 years later for a wild bachelorette weekend in Miami. Their hard partying takes a hilariously dark turn when they accidentally kill a male stripper. Amidst the craziness of trying to cover it up, they're ultimately brought closer together when it matters most.
Title: The Blue Lagoon | Genres: romance, adventure | Overview: Two small children and a ship's cook survive a shipwreck and find safety on an idyllic tropical island. Soon, however, the cook dies and the young boy and girl are left on their own. Days become years and Emmeline and Richard make a home for themselves surrounded by exotic creatures and nature's beauty. But will they ever see civilization again?
Title: Mile 22 | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: An elite group of American operatives, aided by a top-secret tactical command team, must transport an asset who holds life-threatening information to an extraction point 22 miles away through the hostile streets of an Asian city.
Title: Reminiscence | Genres: science fiction, mystery | Overview: Nicolas Bannister, a rugged and solitary veteran living in a near-future Miami flooded by rising seas, is an expert in a dangerous occupation: he offers clients the chance to relive any memory they desire. His life changes when he meets a mysterious young woman named Mae. What begins as a simple matter of lost and found becomes a passionate love affair. But when a different client's memories implicate Mae in a series of violent crimes, Bannister must delve through the dark world of the past to uncover the truth about the woman he fell for.
"Title: Titanic II | Genres: action, adventure, thriller | Overview: On the 100th anniversary of the original voyage, a modern luxury liner christened ""Titanic 2,"" follows the path of its namesake. But when a tsunami hurls an ice berg into the new ship's path, the passengers and crew must fight to avoid a similar fate."
Title: The Grandmother | Genres: horror | Overview: A Paris model must return to Madrid where her grandmother, who raised her, has had a stroke. But spending just a few days with this relative turns into an unexpected nightmare.
Title: It Follows | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: After a seemingly innocent sexual encounter, Jay finds herself plagued by strange visions and the inescapable sense that someone, something, is following her.
Title: Independence Daysaster | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: When Earth is attacked by a hostile alien force, a small town firefighter and a rogue SETI scientist team up to activate the only technology capable of defeating the invaders.
Title: Death Race | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Terminal Island, New York: 2020. Overcrowding in the US penal system has reached a breaking point. Prisons have been turned over to a monolithic Weyland Corporation, which sees jails full of thugs as an opportunity for televised sport. Adrenalized inmates, a global audience hungry for violence and a spectacular, enclosed arena come together to form the 'Death Race', the biggest, most brutal event.
Title: Ghosts of Girlfriends Past | Genres: fantasy, comedy, romance | Overview: When notorious womanizer Connor Mead attends his brother Paul's wedding, he is forced to re-evaluate his behavior as he comes face-to-face with the ghosts of girlfriends past, present, and future, along with his deceased uncle. The experience changes his attitude and allows him to reconnect with his first and only love, Jenny.
Title: The Exorcism of Emily Rose | Genres: crime, drama, horror, thriller | Overview: When a younger girl called Emily Rose dies, everyone puts blame on the exorcism which was performed on her by Father Moore prior to her death. The priest is arrested on suspicion of murder. The trial begins with lawyer Erin Bruner representing Moore, but it is not going to be easy, as no one wants to believe what Father Moore says is true.
Title: Kizumonogatari Part 2: Nekketsu | Genres: animation, fantasy, mystery | Overview: Koyomi Araragi was turned into a vampire by the legendary vampire, Kiss-shot Acerola-orion Heart-under-blade, and he needs to revive the weakened vampire back to her complete form to return to being human again. The only way for Koyomi to achieve his goal is to fight the three vampire hunters – Dramaturgy, Episode and Guillotinecutter.
Title: The Marine 3: Homefront | Genres: action | Overview: A Marine must do whatever it takes to save his kidnapped sister and stop a terrorist attack masterminded by a radical militia group.
Title: The Guide to the Perfect Family | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A couple in Québec deals with the pitfalls, pressure and high expectations of raising kids in a society obsessed with success and social media image.
Title: 14 Peaks: Nothing Is Impossible | Genres: documentary | Overview: In 2019, Nepalese mountain climber Nirmal “Nims” Purja set out to do the unthinkable by climbing the world’s fourteen highest summits in less than seven months. (The previous record was eight years). He called the effort “Project Possible 14/7” and saw it as a way to inspire others to strive for greater heights in any pursuit. The film follows his team as they seek to defy naysayers and push the limits of human endurance.
Title: Evangelion: 2.0 You Can (Not) Advance | Genres: animation, science fiction, action, drama | Overview: Under constant attack by monstrous creatures called Angels that seek to eradicate humankind, U.N. Special Agency NERV introduces two new EVA pilots to help defend the city of Tokyo-3: the mysterious Makinami Mari Illustrous and the intense Asuka Langley Shikinami. Meanwhile, Gendo Ikari and SEELE proceed with a secret project that involves both Rei and Shinji.
Title: Ocean's Eleven | Genres: thriller, crime | Overview: Less than 24 hours into his parole, charismatic thief Danny Ocean is already rolling out his next plan: In one night, Danny's hand-picked crew of specialists will attempt to steal more than $150 million from three Las Vegas casinos. But to score the cash, Danny risks his chances of reconciling with ex-wife, Tess.
Title: Leprechaun 3 | Genres: comedy, fantasy, horror | Overview: It was a normal night in Las Vegas, Nevada, all the lights were flashing brightly, until a man with one hand, one eye, and one leg walks into a pawn shop with a statue of a hideous looking Leprechaun. The owner claims it's a good luck charm. The statue also wore a medallion around it's neck. The careless pawn shop owner took off the medallion setting the Leprechaun free...
Title: Halloween | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Fifteen years after murdering his sister on Halloween Night 1963, Michael Myers escapes from a mental hospital and returns to the small town of Haddonfield, Illinois to kill again.
Title: Left Behind | Genres: thriller, action, science fiction | Overview: A small group of survivors are left behind after millions of people suddenly vanish during the rapture and the world is plunged into chaos and destruction.
"Title: Splice | Genres: horror, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Elsa and Clive, two young rebellious scientists, defy legal and ethical boundaries and forge ahead with a dangerous experiment: splicing together human and animal DNA to create a new organism. Named ""Dren"", the creature rapidly develops from a deformed female infant into a beautiful but dangerous winged human-chimera, who forges a bond with both of her creators - only to have that bond turn deadly."
Title: Batman: Bad Blood | Genres: science fiction, action, animation | Overview: Bruce Wayne is missing. Alfred covers for him while Nightwing and Robin patrol Gotham City in his stead and a new player, Batwoman, investigates Batman's disappearance.
Title: Oxygen | Genres: science fiction, thriller, horror | Overview: A woman wakes in a cryogenic chamber with no recollection of how she got there, and must find a way out before running out of air.
Title: Saint Seiya: Legend of Crimson Youth | Genres: action, animation, fantasy | Overview: Athena receives the visit of Phoebus Abel, her older brother and God of the Corona. He informs her that he has come to destroy humanity as punishment for their corruption, just as it was done in ancient times. He dismisses Seiya and the Bronze Saints, as she will now be guarded by Abel's three Corona Saints, Atlas of Carina, Jaow of Lynx and Berenike of Coma Berenices, and the five resurrected Gold Saints who died in the Sanctuary battle: Saga of Gemini, Deathmask of Cancer, Shura of Capricorn, Camus of Aquarius and Aphrodite of Pisces. When Athena rebels against Abel's plan, he attacks her, sending her soul to Elysion, the final resting place from which there is no return. The Bronze Saints immediately rush to the Sanctuary to save her and ultimately overcome Abel.
Title: Afterlife of the Party | Genres: fantasy, comedy, drama | Overview: A social butterfly who dies during her birthday week is given a second chance to right her wrongs on Earth.
"Title: The Secret World of Arrietty | Genres: fantasy, animation, family | Overview: 14-year-old Arrietty and the rest of the Clock family live in peaceful anonymity as they make their own home from items ""borrowed"" from the house's human inhabitants. However, life changes for the Clocks when a human boy discovers Arrietty."
Title: About Time | Genres: drama, romance, fantasy | Overview: The night after another unsatisfactory New Year's party, Tim's father tells his son that the men in his family have always had the ability to travel through time. They can't change history, but they can change what happens and has happened in their own lives. Thus begins the start of a lesson in learning to appreciate life itself as it is, as it comes, and most importantly, the people living alongside us.
Title: Stoker | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: After India's father dies, her Uncle Charlie, who she never knew existed, comes to live with her and her unstable mother. She comes to suspect this mysterious, charming man has ulterior motives and becomes increasingly infatuated with him.
Title: The Witch | Genres: drama, fantasy, horror, mystery | Overview: In 1630s New England, William and Katherine lead a devout Christian life with five children, homesteading on the edge of an impassable wilderness, exiled from their settlement when William defies the local church. When their newborn son vanishes and crops mysteriously fail, the family turns on one another.
Title: Skin Trade | Genres: thriller, action, drama | Overview: After his family is killed by a Serbian gangster with international interests. NYC detective Nick goes to S.E. Asia and teams up with a Thai detective to get revenge and destroy the syndicates human trafficking network.
Title: Kill Bill: Vol. 2 | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: The Bride unwaveringly continues on her roaring rampage of revenge against the band of assassins who had tried to kill her and her unborn child. She visits each of her former associates one-by-one, checking off the victims on her Death List Five until there's nothing left to do … but kill Bill.
Title: The Boss Baby: Get That Baby! | Genres: comedy, family, animation | Overview: Think you've got what it takes to be the boss? This interactive special puts your skills to the test and matches you up with one of 16 jobs at Baby Corp.
Title: Beetlejuice | Genres: fantasy, comedy | Overview: Thanks to an untimely demise via drowning, a young couple end up as poltergeists in their New England farmhouse, where they fail to meet the challenge of scaring away the insufferable new owners, who want to make drastic changes. In desperation, the undead newlyweds turn to an expert frightmeister, but he's got a diabolical agenda of his own.
Title: Leatherface: The Texas Chainsaw Massacre III | Genres: horror | Overview: A couple encounters a perverted gas station attendant who threatens them with a shotgun. They take a deserted path in Texas to seek help, but only meet up with a cannibalistic clan interested in helping themselves to fresh meat.
Title: The Outlaws | Genres: crime, action | Overview: In Chinatown, law and order is turned upside down when a trio of feral Chinese gangsters arrive, start terrorizing civilians, and usurping territory. The beleaguered local gangsters team up with the police, lead by the badass loose cannon Ma Seok-do, to bring them down. Based on a true story.
Title: The Last Boy Scout | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: When the girl that detective Joe Hallenback is protecting gets murdered, the boyfriend of the murdered girl attempts to investigate and solve the case. What they discover is that there is deep seated corruption going on between a crooked politician and the owner of a pro football team.
Title: Green Street Hooligans | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: After being wrongfully expelled from Harvard University, American Matt Buckner flees to his sister's home in England. Once there, he is befriended by her charming and dangerous brother-in-law, Pete Dunham, and introduced to the underworld of British football hooliganism. Matt learns to stand his ground through a friendship that develops against the backdrop of this secret and often violent world. 'Green Street Hooligans' is a story of loyalty, trust and the sometimes brutal consequences of living close to the edge.
Title: Live Free or Die Hard | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: John McClane is back and badder than ever, and this time he's working for Homeland Security. He calls on the services of a young hacker in his bid to stop a ring of Internet terrorists intent on taking control of America's computer infrastructure.
Title: I Can Only Imagine | Genres: music, drama | Overview: 10-year-old Bart Millard lives with his mother and abusive father Arthur in Texas. One day his mother drops him off at a Christian camp where he meets Shannon. Upon his return from camp, Bart finds his mother has left and movers are removing her belongings. He angrily confronts his father, who denies that his abusiveness was the reason she left. Years later, in high school, Bart and Shannon are dating. Bart plays football to please his father, but is injured, breaking both ankles and ending his career. The only elective with openings is music class, so he reluctantly signs up..
Title: Trainwreck | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Having thought that monogamy was never possible, a commitment-phobic career woman may have to face her fears when she meets a good guy.
Title: Superman/Batman: Public Enemies | Genres: science fiction, animation, action, adventure, family | Overview: United States President Lex Luthor uses the oncoming trajectory of a Kryptonite meteor to frame Superman and declare a $1 billion bounty on the heads of the Man of Steel and his ‘partner in crime’, Batman. Heroes and villains alike launch a relentless pursuit of Superman and Batman, who must unite—and recruit help—to try and stave off the action-packed onslaught, stop the meteor Luthors plot.
Title: The Irishman | Genres: crime, drama, history | Overview: Pennsylvania, 1956. Frank Sheeran, a war veteran of Irish origin who works as a truck driver, accidentally meets mobster Russell Bufalino. Once Frank becomes his trusted man, Bufalino sends him to Chicago with the task of helping Jimmy Hoffa, a powerful union leader related to organized crime, with whom Frank will maintain a close friendship for nearly twenty years.
Title: Barbie Fairytopia: Magic of the Rainbow | Genres: animation, family, fantasy, romance | Overview: Elina goes to a fairy school to learn dancing and fairy magic. The spring of the fairy land is soon threatened by evil Laverna who intends to prevent fairies from performing the annual vital rainbow dance. Elina must stop quarreling with her fellow students and unite them to save the first bud of the spring.
"Title: Hitman | Genres: action, thriller, drama | Overview: A genetically engineered assassin with deadly aim, known only as ""Agent 47"" eliminates strategic targets for a top-secret organization. But when he's double-crossed, the hunter becomes the prey as 47 finds himself in a life-or-death game of international intrigue."
Title: Sky Sharks | Genres: horror, science fiction, comedy | Overview: A team of Arctic geologists stumble across an abandoned laboratory in which the Nazis developed an incredible and brutal secret weapon during the final months of WW2. Deep in the ice, they accidentally awake a deadly army of flying zombie sharks ridden by genetically mutated, undead super-humans, who are unleashed into the skies, wreaking their bloodthirsty revenge on any aircraft that takes to the air. An elite task force is assembled to take on this deadly threat and stop the Sky Sharks from conquering the air, but as time runs out, the task force realises they will have to fight fire with fire, and the stage is set for the greatest flying super-mutant zombie shark air battle the world has ever seen....
Title: Finding You | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Finley, a talented aspiring violinist, meets Beckett, a famous young movie star, on the way to her college semester abroad program in a small coastal village in Ireland. An unexpected romance emerges as the heartthrob Beckett leads the uptight Finley on an adventurous reawakening, and she emboldens him to take charge of his future, until the pressures of his stardom get in the way.
Title: The Wind Rises | Genres: family, drama, animation, war, history, romance | Overview: A lifelong love of flight inspires Japanese aviation engineer Jiro Horikoshi, whose storied career includes the creation of the A-6M World War II fighter plane.
Title: Barbie: The Princess & The Popstar | Genres: family, animation | Overview: Tori is a blonde princess who is bored of living her royal life, and has dreams of becoming a popstar. Keira, on the other hand, is a brunette popstar who dreams of being a princess. When the two meet, they magically trade places, but after realising it is best to be themselves.
Title: Sex Drive | Genres: comedy, adventure, romance | Overview: A high school senior drives cross-country with his best friends to hook up with a babe he met online.
Title: Double Impact | Genres: thriller, action, crime, drama | Overview: Jean Claude Van Damme plays a dual role as Alex and Chad, twins separated at the death of their parents. Chad is raised by a family retainer in Paris, Alex becomes a petty crook in Hong Kong. Seeing a picture of Alex, Chad rejoins him and convinces him that his rival in Hong Kong is also the man who killed their parents. Alex is suspicious of Chad, especially when it comes to his girlfriend.
Title: Dead Poets Society | Genres: drama | Overview: At an elite, old-fashioned boarding school in New England, a passionate English teacher inspires his students to rebel against convention and seize the potential of every day, courting the disdain of the stern headmaster.
Title: Star Trek Beyond | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: The USS Enterprise crew explores the furthest reaches of uncharted space, where they encounter a mysterious new enemy who puts them and everything the Federation stands for to the test.
Title: Sugar Daddy | Genres: drama | Overview: When a struggling musician can't afford her rent, she signs up for a website where rich older men pay to date younger women. Her new money-making venture sends her down a dark rabbit hole that forces her to grow up fast, shaping her music, and how she sees the world.
Title: Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: The Angels are charged with finding a pair of missing rings that are encoded with the personal information of members of the Witness Protection Program. As informants are killed, the ladies target a rogue agent who might be responsible.
Title: Bambi II | Genres: animation, drama, family | Overview: Return to the forest and join Bambi as he reunites with his father, The Great Prince, who must now raise the young fawn on his own. But in the adventure of a lifetime, the proud parent discovers there is much he can learn from his spirited young son.
Title: ParaNorman | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: In the town of Blithe Hollow, Norman Babcock can speak to the dead, but no one other than his eccentric new friend believes his ability is real. One day, Norman's eccentric uncle tells him of a ritual he must perform to protect the town from a curse cast by a witch centuries ago.
Title: Batman Beyond: Return of the Joker | Genres: animation, family, action, science fiction | Overview: The Joker is back with a vengeance, and Gotham's newest Dark Knight, Terry McGinnis, needs answers as he stands alone to face Gotham's most infamous Clown Prince of Crime.
Title: Invasion | Genres: science fiction, drama, romance, action | Overview: Two years after the fall of the alien ship, the life of a young woman from Moscow has been changed forever. Her growing powers are now at the focus of both human and celestial investigation: an alien force takes an interest in her, and will stop short of nothing, including an invasion. Can love and compassion save humanity, when faced with a much greater and more demanding test this time?
Title: A House on the Bayou | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: In an effort to reconnect and mend their relationship, a troubled couple and their preteen daughter seek an idyllic getaway to a remote mansion in rural Louisiana. But when unexpected visitors arrive, their facade of family unity starts to unravel, as terrifying secrets come to light.
Title: Journey to the Center of the Earth | Genres: action, science fiction, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: On a quest to find out what happened to his missing brother, a scientist, his nephew and their mountain guide discover a fantastic and dangerous lost world in the center of the earth.
Title: Friday the 13th: The Final Chapter | Genres: horror | Overview: After being mortally wounded and taken to the morgue, murderer Jason Voorhees spontaneously revives and embarks on a killing spree as he makes his way back to his home at Crystal Lake.
Title: Horton Hears a Who! | Genres: animation, comedy, family, adventure, fantasy | Overview: One day, Horton the elephant hears a cry from help coming from a speck of dust. Even though he can't see anyone on the speck, he decides to help it. As it turns out, the speck of dust is home to the Whos, who live in their city of Whoville. Horton agrees to help protect the Whos and their home.
Title: War of the Worlds | Genres: adventure, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Ray Ferrier is a divorced dockworker and less-than-perfect father. Soon after his ex-wife and her new husband drop off his teenage son and young daughter for a rare weekend visit, a strange and powerful lightning storm touches down.
Title: How to Be a Latin Lover | Genres: comedy | Overview: An aging Latin lover gets dumped by his sugar mama and must fend for himself in a harsh world.
Title: The Return of Jafar | Genres: family, adventure, animation, romance | Overview: The evil Jafar escapes from the magic lamp as an all-powerful genie, ready to plot his revenge against Aladdin. From battling elusive villains atop winged horses, to dodging flames inside an exploding lava pit, it's up to Aladdin - with Princess Jasmine and the outrageously funny Genie by his side - to save the kingdom once and for all.
"Title: Die Hard: With a Vengeance | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: New York detective John McClane is back and kicking bad-guy butt in the third installment of this action-packed series, which finds him teaming with civilian Zeus Carver to prevent the loss of innocent lives. McClane thought he'd seen it all, until a genius named Simon engages McClane, his new ""partner"" -- and his beloved city -- in a deadly game that demands their concentration."
Title: Lego DC Batman: Family Matters | Genres: animation, family, action, comedy | Overview: Suspicion is on high after Batman, Batgirl, Robin and other DC superheroes receive mysterious invitations. However, family values must remain strong when Batman and his team encounter the villainous Red Hood, who is obsessed with destroying the Bat-family and all of Gotham City.
Title: Dr. No | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: In the film that launched the James Bond saga, Agent 007 battles mysterious Dr. No, a scientific genius bent on destroying the U.S. space program. As the countdown to disaster begins, Bond must go to Jamaica, where he encounters beautiful Honey Ryder, to confront a megalomaniacal villain in his massive island headquarters.
Title: Underwater | Genres: action, horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: After an earthquake destroys their underwater station, six researchers must navigate two miles along the dangerous, unknown depths of the ocean floor to make it to safety in a race against time.
Title: High School | Genres: comedy | Overview: A high school valedictorian who gets baked with the local stoner finds himself the subject of a drug test. The situation causes him to concoct an ambitious plan to get his entire graduating class to face the same fate, and fail.
Title: From Paris with Love | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: James Reese has a good job as an ambassador's aid in France, but his real passion is a side gig—working in a minor role in the CIA. He would love to be a full-fledged agent and can't believe his luck when he lands an assignment with Charlie Wax. Trigger-happy Charlie soon has James crying for his desk job, but when he learns that the same guys they're trying to catch are after him, James realises that Charlie may be his only hope of survival.
Title: Superfast! | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: Undercover cop Lucas White joins Vin Serento's LA gang of illegal street racers. They are fast and they are furious and they plan to double cross LA crime kingpin Juan Carlos de la Sol who hides his cash in a downtown Taco Bell. The gang's outrageous plan is as daring as it is ridiculous and will see them towing the whole damn restaurant, at crazy speeds.
Title: The Ash Lad: In the Hall of the Mountain King | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: Espen “Ash Lad”, a poor farmer’s son, embarks on a dangerous quest with his brothers to save the princess from a vile troll known as the Mountain King – in order to collect a reward and save his family’s farm from ruin.
Title: A Nightmare on Elm Street | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: The film that brings back horror icon Freddy Krueger as a darker and more sinister character than ever before. While Freddy is on the prowl, a group of teenagers being stalked soon learn they all have a common factor making them targets for this twisted killer.
Title: Time Trap | Genres: science fiction, adventure | Overview: A group of students become trapped inside a mysterious cave where they discover time passes differently underground than on the surface.
Title: The Girl on the Train | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Rachel Watson, devastated by her recent divorce, spends her daily commute fantasizing about the seemingly perfect couple who live in a house that her train passes every day, until one morning she sees something shocking happen there and becomes entangled in the mystery that unfolds.
Title: Euphoria | Genres: drama | Overview: Matteo is a young successful businessman, audacious, charming and energetic. Ettore instead, is a calm, righteous, second grade teacher always living in the shadows, still in the small town from where both come from. They’re brothers but with two very different personalities. A dramatic event will force them to live together in Rome for a few months, bringing up the opportunity to face their differences with sympathy and tenderness, in a climax of fear and euphoria.
Title: Fever Dream | Genres: thriller, drama, mystery, horror | Overview: A woman named Amanda lies stricken, far from home. A young boy named David questions her, trying to make her remember. She's not his mother, he's not her son. As her time is running out, he helps her unravel a powerful, haunting story of obsessive jealousy, an invisible danger, and the power of a mother's love for her child.
Title: Friday the 13th Part VIII: Jason Takes Manhattan | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A group of students on a graduation cruise bound for Manhattan soon realize they've got a stowaway aboard the ship: serial killer Jason Voorhees.
Title: Love, Chunibyo & Other Delusions! Rikka Version | Genres: comedy, animation, drama, romance | Overview: Summary of the first season of the show, as seen from Rikka's perspective with new elements.
Title: Planes | Genres: animation, family, adventure, comedy | Overview: Dusty is a cropdusting plane who dreams of competing in a famous aerial race. The problem? He is hopelessly afraid of heights. With the support of his mentor Skipper and a host of new friends, Dusty sets off to make his dreams come true.
Title: Yes Day | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: A mom and dad who usually say no decide to say yes to their kids' wildest requests — with a few ground rules — on a whirlwind day of fun and adventure.
Title: Spell | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A father survives a plane crash in rural Appalachia, but becomes suspicious of the elderly couple who take him in to nurse him back to health with the ancient remedies.
Title: The Owners | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A group of friends think they found the perfect easy score - an empty house with a safe full of cash. But when the elderly couple that lives there comes home early, the tables are suddenly turned. As a deadly game of cat and mouse ensues, the would-be thieves must fight to save themselves from a nightmare they could never have imagined.
Title: The Irregular at Magic High School: The Girl Who Summons the Stars | Genres: science fiction, action, animation, fantasy | Overview: In the story, the seasons have changed and it will soon be the second spring. Tatsuya and Miyuki have finished their first year at First Magic High School and are on their spring break. The two go to their villa on the Ogasawara Island archipelago. After only a small moment of peace a lone young woman named Kokoa appears before them. She has abandoned the Naval base and she tells Tatsuya her one wish.
Title: Big Game | Genres: action, adventure, thriller | Overview: Air Force One is shot down by terrorists, leaving the President of the United States stranded in the wilderness. 13-year old Oskari is also in that wilderness, on a hunting mission to prove his maturity to his kinsfolk by tracking down a deer, but instead discovers the President in an escape pod. With the terrorists closing in to capture their prize, the unlikely duo team up to escape their hunters.
Title: Son of God | Genres: drama | Overview: The life story of Jesus is told from his humble birth through his teachings, crucifixion and ultimate resurrection.
Title: Blade: Trinity | Genres: action, horror, fantasy | Overview: For years, Blade has fought against the vampires in the cover of the night. But now, after falling into the crosshairs of the FBI, he is forced out into the daylight, where he is driven to join forces with a clan of human vampire hunters he never knew existed—The Nightstalkers. Together with Abigail and Hannibal, two deftly trained Nightstalkers, Blade follows a trail of blood to the ancient creature that is also hunting him—the original vampire, Dracula.
"Title: Nacho Libre | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Nacho Libre is loosely based on the story of Fray Tormenta (""Friar Storm""), aka Rev. Sergio Gutierrez Benitez, a real-life Mexican Catholic priest who had a 23-year career as a masked luchador. He competed in order to support the orphanage he directed."
Title: The Last King | Genres: action, adventure, drama, history | Overview: Norway, 1204. A civil war between the birkebeiners —the king's men— and the baglers —supporters of the Norwegian aristocracy and the Church— ravages the country. Two men must protect a baby, the illegitimate son of King Håkon, who will be the future king and peacemaker, from those who want to kill him.
Title: Godzilla: The Planet Eater | Genres: animation, science fiction, action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: With no means for defeating Godzilla Earth, mankind watches as King Ghidorah, clad in a golden light, descends on the planet. The heavens and earth shake once again as the war moves to a higher dimension.
Title: The Contractor | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: After being involuntarily discharged from the U.S. Special Forces, James Harper decides to support his family by joining a private contracting organization alongside his best friend and under the command of a fellow veteran. Overseas on a covert mission, Harper must evade those trying to kill him while making his way back home.
Title: Epic | Genres: animation, adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: A teenager finds herself transported to a deep forest setting where a battle between the forces of good and the forces of evil is taking place. She bands together with a rag-tag group characters in order to save their world—and ours.
Title: Toys of Terror | Genres: horror | Overview: A big family moves into a dusty old house in the snowy woods of Washington with hopes of it being a nice holiday escape. But the kids soon discover a stash of old toys that just so happen to belong to a creepy ghost boy. As stranger and stranger things start to happen, some of the kids begin to sense that something in the house is not quite right…
Title: Assault on Wall Street | Genres: drama, thriller, action | Overview: Jim is an average New Yorker living a peaceful life with a well paying job and a loving family. Suddenly, everything changes when the economy crashes causing Jim to lose everything. Filled with anger and rage, Jim snaps and goes to extreme lengths to seek revenge for the life taken from him.
Title: Child's Play | Genres: horror | Overview: Karen, a single mother, gifts her son Andy a Buddi doll for his birthday, unaware of its more sinister nature. A contemporary re-imagining of the 1988 horror classic.
Title: A Werewolf Boy | Genres: romance, fantasy | Overview: An unexpected phone call brings an elderly woman to her childhood country cottage, and memories of an orphan boy she knew 47 years ago come flooding back to her.
Title: The Secret of the Magic Gourd | Genres: drama, family, fantasy | Overview: The Secret of the Magic Gourd follows the wondrous adventures of a young schoolboy named Wang Bao. When Wang Bao discovers a magical gourd that can instantly grant his every wish, the awkward child suddenly becomes a hero amongst his curious classmates. When the gourd proves more of a burden than a blessing and the boy decides to get rid of it, he quickly discovers that's easier said than done.
Title: LEGO Hidden Side: Night of the Harbinger | Genres: animation | Overview: Jack and Parker work to seal a Hidden Side hole when a fire ghost escapes covered in a strange silvery substance and reveals that their world may be doomed.
"Title: Phantom of the Kill: Zero's Rebellion | Genres: action, adventure, animation, fantasy, mystery | Overview: Game producer Jun Imaizumi announced six new projects related to the smartphone game ""Phantom of the Kill"" during a Niconico live broadcast celebrating the game's one-year anniversary on Friday. One of the new projects is a 15-minute anime concept film. Naoyoshi Shiotani (Psycho-Pass, Blood-C: The Last Dark) will direct the concept film at Production I.G Fuji & Gumi Games' strategy drama RPG follows mysterious girls who carry the names of legendary weapons (such as ""Masamune"") as they search for their lost memories. The game allows players to collect characters and weapons, and enter dungeons to engage in turn-based tactical battles."
Title: The Happening | Genres: thriller, science fiction | Overview: When a deadly airborne virus threatens to wipe out the northeastern United States, teacher Elliott Moore and his wife Alma flee from contaminated cities into the countryside in a fight to discover the truth. Is it terrorism, the accidental release of some toxic military bio weapon -- or something even more sinister?
Title: 461 Days of Bento: A Promise Between Father and Son | Genres: drama, family | Overview: Kazuki Suzumoto is divorced and he lives with his 15-year-old son Kouki. Kouki is in a susceptible time. The father feels guilty about his son. Kouki then fails his high school entrance exam. In the spring of the following year, Kouki barely passes his high school entrance exam. Kouki mentions to Kazuki that he likes his father's lunch box. The father and son make a promise to each other. Kazuki promises that he will make a lunch box everyday for Kouki. Kouki promises that he will never skip school.
Title: Aladdin and the King of Thieves | Genres: adventure, animation, family | Overview: Legendary secrets are revealed as Aladdin and his friends—Jasmine, Abu, Carpet and, of course, the always entertaining Genie—face all sorts of terrifying threats and make some exciting last-minute escapes pursuing the King Of Thieves and his villainous crew.
Title: Sweetheart | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Jenn has washed ashore a small tropical island and it doesn’t take her long to realize she’s completely alone. She must spend her days not only surviving the elements, but must also fend off the malevolent force that comes out each night.
Title: The Return of the Texas Chainsaw Massacre | Genres: horror | Overview: Everyone's favorite chainsaw-wielding psychopath, Leatherface, is back for more prom-night gore, and this time he's joined by his bloodthirsty family. Four stranded yet carefree teens are taken in by a backwoods family, clueless of their host family's grisly habits. The terrified youths, including sweet Jenny, try to escape from Leatherface and his crazed clan, including the bionic Vilmer.
Title: Don't Kill It | Genres: fantasy, horror | Overview: Demon hunter, Jebediah Huntley teams up with an FBI agent to battle a supernatural force in the southern state of Mississippi.
Title: Enemy at the Gates | Genres: drama, war, history | Overview: A Russian and a German sniper play a game of cat-and-mouse during the Battle of Stalingrad in WWII.
Title: Scooby-Doo! Curse of the Lake Monster | Genres: mystery, fantasy, comedy, adventure | Overview: Scooby-Doo and the gang are on the case when a mysterious lake monster starts scaring the guests at a summer resort in Erie Point, where Fred, Daphne, Velma and Shaggy have taken on seasonal jobs to pay for a barn they accidentally burned down. But in addition to sneaking suspicions, there's some romance in the air.
Title: Iron Sky | Genres: action, comedy, science fiction | Overview: In the last moments of World War II, a secret Nazi space program evaded destruction by fleeing to the Dark Side of the Moon. During 70 years of utter secrecy, the Nazis construct a gigantic space fortress with a massive armada of flying saucers.
Title: A Nightmare on Elm Street Part 2: Freddy's Revenge | Genres: horror | Overview: A new family moves into the house on Elm Street, and before long, the kids are again having nightmares about deceased child murderer Freddy Krueger. This time, Freddy attempts to possess a teenage boy to cause havoc in the real world, and can only be overcome if the boy's sweetheart can master her fear.
Title: You Don't Mess with the Zohan | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: An Israeli counterterrorism soldier with a secretly fabulous ambition to become a Manhattan hairstylist. Zohan's desire runs so deep that he'll do anything -- including faking his own death and going head-to-head with an Arab cab driver -- to make his dreams come true.
Title: The Most Beautiful Boy in the World | Genres: documentary | Overview: In 1971, due to the world premiere of Death in Venice, Italian director Lucino Visconti proclaimed his Tadzio as the world’s most beautiful boy. A shadow that today, 50 years later, weighs Björn Andrésen’s life.
Title: AVP: Alien vs. Predator | Genres: adventure, science fiction, action, horror | Overview: When scientists discover something in the Arctic that appears to be a buried Pyramid, they send a research team out to investigate. Little do they know that they are about to step into a hunting ground where Aliens are grown as sport for the Predator race.
Title: The Sadness | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A young couple is pushed to the limits of sanity as they attempt to be reunited amid the chaos of a pandemic outbreak. The streets erupt into violence and depravity, as those infected are driven to enact in the most cruel and ghastly things imaginable.
Title: Unthinkable | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: The government gets wind of a plot to destroy America involving a trio of nuclear weapons for which the whereabouts are unknown. It's up to a seasoned interrogator and an FBI agent to find out exactly where the nukes are.
Title: The Great Gatsby | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: An adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's Long Island-set novel, where Midwesterner Nick Carraway is lured into the lavish world of his neighbor, Jay Gatsby. Soon enough, however, Carraway will see through the cracks of Gatsby's nouveau riche existence, where obsession, madness, and tragedy await.
Title: Big Momma's House 2 | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: FBI agent Malcolm Turner goes back undercover as Big Momma, a slick-talking, slam-dunking Southern granny with attitude to spare! Now this granny must play nanny to three dysfunctional upper class kids in order to spy on their computer hacked dad.
Title: The Unfamiliar | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A British Army doctor comes back from a war, thinking that she has PTSD only to discover that there is a more daunting malevolence at work making the life that she knew unfamiliar.
Title: Ice Age: A Mammoth Christmas | Genres: animation, family, tv movie | Overview: When Sid accidentally destroys Manny's heirloom Christmas rock and ends up on Santa's naughty list, he leads a hilarious quest to the North Pole to make things right and ends up making things much worse. Now it's up to Manny and his prehistoric posse to band together and save Christmas for the entire world!
Title: 5 Centimeters per Second | Genres: animation, drama, romance | Overview: Three moments in Takaki's life: his relationship with Akari and their forced separation; his friendship with Kanae, who is secretly in love with him; the demands and disappointments of adulthood, an unhappy life in a cold city.
Title: Inuyashiki | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: A middle-aged office worker encounters aliens and is gifted with alien technology and limitless powers.
Title: Death Wish | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A mild-mannered father is transformed into a killing machine after his family is torn apart by a violent act.
Title: I Give My First Love to You | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: As a child Takuma is diagnosed with a heart condition that requires care from a cardiologist. He soon becomes friends with his doctors young daughter Mayu while being treated at the hospital. One day Mayu overhears her father saying that Takumas condition is serious enough that he most likely wont live beyond the age of 20. Takuma isn't aware of this himself, however, so at 8-years-old he makes a promise to marry Mayu when they turn 20. Later in life, Takuma becomes aware that he wont be able to keep this promise and he begins distancing himself from Mayu in hopes of protecting her.
Title: In This Corner of the World | Genres: drama, animation, romance, war, history | Overview: Japan, 1943, during World War II. Young Suzu leaves her village near Hiroshima to marry and live with her in-laws in Kure, a military harbor. Her creativity to overcome deprivation quickly makes her indispensable at home. Inhabited by an ancestral wisdom, Suzu impregnates the simple gestures of everyday life with poetry and beauty. The many hardships, the loss of loved ones, the frequent air raids of the enemy, nothing alters her enthusiasm…
Title: Daytime Shooting Star | Genres: romance | Overview: Fifteen-year-old country girl Suzume Yosano has to move to Tokyo to live with her uncle due to her father's transfer. She bumps into a mysterious man who ends up taking her to her uncle's place after she gets lost. Turns out, Suzume will be seeing him a lot more often once she starts school because... he's her homeroom teacher?!
Title: The Howling | Genres: horror | Overview: After a bizarre and near fatal encounter with a serial killer, a newswoman is sent to a rehabilitation center whose inhabitants may not be what they seem.
Title: The Last Samurai | Genres: drama, action, war, history | Overview: Nathan Algren is an American hired to instruct the Japanese army in the ways of modern warfare, which finds him learning to respect the samurai and the honorable principles that rule them. Pressed to destroy the samurai's way of life in the name of modernization and open trade, Algren decides to become an ultimate warrior himself and to fight for their right to exist.
Title: Meet the Spartans | Genres: comedy | Overview: The heroic Leonidas, armed with nothing but leather underwear and a cape, leads a ragtag group of 13 Spartans to defend their homeland against the invading Persians (whose ranks include Ghost Rider, Rocky Balboa, the Transformers, and a hunchbacked Paris Hilton). No one is safe when the Spartans take on the biggest icons in pop culture!
"Title: Paprika | Genres: drama | Overview: A young country girl comes to town and works in a brothel in order to help her fiance get the money to start his own business. ""Paprika"" is the name given to her by the madam."
Title: The Lighthouse | Genres: drama, fantasy, thriller, horror | Overview: Two lighthouse keepers try to maintain their sanity while living on a remote and mysterious New England island in the 1890s.
Title: Anacondas: The Hunt for the Blood Orchid | Genres: adventure, action, horror, thriller | Overview: The blood orchid - a rare flower that could hold the secret of eternal life and be worth a fortune to the company that finds it. Led by a pharmaceutical research team, a scientific expedition sets out to explore deep into the jungles of Borneo to locate and bring back samples of the legendary plant. Battling through rainstorms to make their way upriver, the group encounters poisonous insects and a ferocious crocodile, only to discover they're being stalked by an even greater danger: a gathering of giant anacondas! Heat-sensing, fifty-foot-long flesh-eaters that'll go after anyone that crosses their path!
Title: Outlander | Genres: fantasy, action, science fiction | Overview: During the reign of the Vikings, a man from another world crash-lands on Earth, bringing with him an alien predator. The man must fuse his advanced technology with the weaponry of the vikings to fight the monster.
Title: Charlie's Angels | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, science fiction | Overview: When a systems engineer blows the whistle on a dangerous technology, Charlie's Angels from across the globe are called into action, putting their lives on the line to protect society.
Title: Mine | Genres: thriller | Overview: After a failed assassination attempt, a soldier finds himself stranded in the desert. Exposed to the elements, he must survive the dangers of the desert and battle the psychological and physical toll of the treacherous conditions.
Title: Love, Strange Love | Genres: drama | Overview: Man remembers 48 crucial hours in his life when, as a child, he visited his mother, the favorite woman of an important politician, in a bordello owned by him, right before some important political changes in 1937 Brazil. In those hours, he discovers his own sexuality.
"Title: The Empty Man | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: Retired cop James Lasombra is asked by a friend to investigate the disappearance of her daughter, who seemingly packed in the night and left an ominous message on the bathroom mirror - ""The Empty Man Made Me Do It."" As he investigates this mysterious figure further, James begins to see and hear strange things, and is forced to come to terms with his past and what it means for his future."
Title: Dumbo | Genres: family, fantasy, adventure | Overview: A young elephant, whose oversized ears enable him to fly, helps save a struggling circus, but when the circus plans a new venture, Dumbo and his friends discover dark secrets beneath its shiny veneer.
Title: From Russia with Love | Genres: action, thriller, adventure | Overview: Agent 007 is back in the second installment of the James Bond series, this time battling a secret crime organization known as SPECTRE. Russians Rosa Klebb and Kronsteen are out to snatch a decoding device known as the Lektor, using the ravishing Tatiana to lure Bond into helping them. Bond willingly travels to meet Tatiana in Istanbul, where he must rely on his wits to escape with his life in a series of deadly encounters with the enemy.
Title: Rocky V | Genres: drama | Overview: A lifetime of taking shots has ended Rocky’s career, and a crooked accountant has left him broke. Inspired by the memory of his trainer, however, Rocky finds glory in training and takes on an up-and-coming boxer.
Title: The Tragedy of Macbeth | Genres: drama, war | Overview: Macbeth, the Thane of Glamis, receives a prophecy from a trio of witches that one day he will become King of Scotland. Consumed by ambition and spurred to action by his wife, Macbeth murders his king and takes the throne for himself.
Title: Bleach the Movie: Hell Verse | Genres: action, animation, fantasy, adventure | Overview: Hell – A place where beings that have committed mortal sins during their lifetime are sent. It is a realm where even Soul Reapers are forbidden to interfere. When a group of vicious Sinners plot to escape from this eternal prison, they discover that Substitute Soul Reaper Ichigo Kurosaki is the key to their freedom.
Title: Cry Macho | Genres: western, drama | Overview: Mike Milo, a one-time rodeo star and washed-up horse breeder, takes a job from an ex-boss to bring the man's young son home from Mexico.
Title: Free Willy | Genres: family, adventure, drama | Overview: When maladjusted orphan Jesse vandalizes a theme park, he is placed with foster parents and must work at the park to make amends. There he meets Willy, a young Orca whale who has been separated from his family. Sensing kinship, they form a bond and, with the help of kindly whale trainer Rae Lindley, develop a routine of tricks. However, greedy park owner Dial soon catches wind of the duo and makes plans to profit from them.
Title: Odnoklassniki.ru: The Magic Laptop | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: An advertising creative in a rut finds his life turned upside down when he discovers his ability to write his wishes into reality.
Title: Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: The apparently comatose Michael Myers is being transferred from one hospital to another, but he wakes up when the ambulance crew talk about his surviving niece, Jamie. After slaughtering his attendants, Myers sets out to find his one living relative who is, fortunately, being cared for by a kind and resourceful foster sister named Rachel. Meanwhile, the ever-cautious Dr. Loomis remains on the killer's path.
Title: Sinister | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: Found footage helps a true-crime novelist realize how and why a family was murdered in his new home, though his discoveries put his entire family in the path of a supernatural entity.
Title: Blade II | Genres: fantasy, horror, action, thriller | Overview: A rare mutation has occurred within the vampire community - The Reaper. A vampire so consumed with an insatiable bloodlust that they prey on vampires as well as humans, transforming victims who are unlucky enough to survive into Reapers themselves. Blade is asked by the Vampire Nation for his help in preventing a nightmare plague that would wipe out both humans and vampires.
Title: C'mon C'mon | Genres: drama | Overview: Johnny and his young nephew forge a tenuous but transformational relationship when they embark on a cross-country trip to see life away from Los Angeles.
Title: The Ring Two | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: Rachel Keller must prevent evil Samara from taking possession of her son's soul.
Title: Sleepy Hollow | Genres: drama, fantasy, thriller, mystery, horror | Overview: New York detective Ichabod Crane is sent to Sleepy Hollow to investigate a series of mysterious deaths in which the victims are found beheaded. Locals believe the culprit to be none other than the legendary Headless Horseman.
Title: The Hot Chick | Genres: comedy, fantasy | Overview: Not only is Jessica Spencer the most popular girl in school -- she is also the meanest. But things change for the attractive teen when a freak accident involving a cursed pair of earrings and a chance encounter at a gas station causes her to switch bodies with Clive, a sleazy crook. Jessica, in the form of the repulsive Clive, struggles to adjust to this radical alteration and sets out to get her own body back before the upcoming prom.
Title: Brahms: The Boy II | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: After a family moves into the Heelshire Mansion, their young son soon makes friends with a life-like doll called Brahms.
Title: Escape Room | Genres: horror, thriller, fantasy | Overview: Four friends who partake in a popular Los Angeles escape room find themselves stuck with a demonically possessed killer. They have less than an hour to solve the puzzles needed to escape the room alive.
Title: The Punisher | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: When undercover FBI agent Frank Castle's wife and son are slaughtered, he becomes 'the Punisher' -- a ruthless vigilante willing to go to any length to avenge his family.
Title: Twelve Monkeys | Genres: science fiction, thriller, mystery | Overview: In the year 2035, convict James Cole reluctantly volunteers to be sent back in time to discover the origin of a deadly virus that wiped out nearly all of the earth's population and forced the survivors into underground communities. But when Cole is mistakenly sent to 1990 instead of 1996, he's arrested and locked up in a mental hospital. There he meets psychiatrist Dr. Kathryn Railly, and patient Jeffrey Goines, the son of a famous virus expert, who may hold the key to the mysterious rogue group, the Army of the 12 Monkeys, thought to be responsible for unleashing the killer disease.
Title: Die Another Day | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: James Bond is sent to investigate the connection between a North Korean terrorist and a diamond mogul, who is funding the development of an international space weapon.
Title: Men of Honor | Genres: drama | Overview: Against formidable odds -- and an old-school diving instructor embittered by the U.S. Navy's new, less prejudicial policies -- Carl Brashear sets his sights on becoming the Navy's first African-American master diver in this uplifting true story. Their relationship starts out on the rocks, but fate ultimately conspires to bring the men together into a setting of mutual respect, triumph and honor.
Title: The Empire Strikes Back | Genres: adventure, action, science fiction | Overview: The epic saga continues as Luke Skywalker, in hopes of defeating the evil Galactic Empire, learns the ways of the Jedi from aging master Yoda. But Darth Vader is more determined than ever to capture Luke. Meanwhile, rebel leader Princess Leia, cocky Han Solo, Chewbacca, and droids C-3PO and R2-D2 are thrown into various stages of capture, betrayal and despair.
Title: Teen Titans: The Judas Contract | Genres: science fiction, animation, action | Overview: Tara Markov is a girl who has power over earth and stone; she is also more than she seems. Is the newest Teen Titan an ally or a threat? And what are the mercenary Deathstroke's plans for the Titans?
Title: Lion | Genres: drama | Overview: A five-year-old Indian boy gets lost on the streets of Calcutta, thousands of kilometers from home. He survives many challenges before being adopted by a couple in Australia; 25 years later, he sets out to find his lost family.
Title: Codename: Kids Next Door - Operation Z.E.R.O. | Genres: animation, science fiction, tv movie | Overview: The villains of the Kids Next Door, lead by Father, join forces to resurrect the Ultimate Evil, Grandfather, a tyrant who once ruled the world many years ago when most of the villains were themselves kids. However, Father disgraced him that he can't even try to destroy the KND and the Villains were quickly betrayed when they are turned into Senior Citizombies, creatures that are immortal and can transform any living creature into one of them and slaves who are forced to make Tapioca to refuel Grandfather so he can find and destroy the Book of K.N.D.
Title: Iron Mask | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: Commissioned to map the Far East territories of the Russian Empire, cartographer Jonathan Green sets off on a long journey of unbelievable adventures—making breath-taking discoveries and meeting mysterious creatures, Chinese princesses, deadly masters of oriental martial arts, and even the King of Dragons.
Title: Big Stan | Genres: comedy | Overview: Rob Schneider writes and stars in this comedy about a nerdy con man whose swindling ways land him a stiff prison sentence. Terrified at the prospect of being raped in prison he enlists the aid of a mysterious kung-fu expert to teach him how to fight.
"Title: Everest | Genres: drama, adventure, history | Overview: Inspired by the incredible events surrounding a treacherous attempt to reach the summit of the world's highest mountain, ""Everest"" documents the awe-inspiring journey of two different expeditions challenged beyond their limits by one of the fiercest snowstorms ever encountered by mankind. Their mettle tested by the harshest of elements found on the planet, the climbers will face nearly impossible obstacles as a lifelong obsession becomes a breathtaking struggle for survival."
Title: Ouija | Genres: horror | Overview: A group of friends must confront their most terrifying fears when they awaken the dark powers of an ancient spirit board.
Title: A Serbian Film | Genres: crime, horror, thriller | Overview: Milos, a retired porn star, leads a normal family life trying to make ends meet. Presented with the opportunity of a lifetime to financially support his family for the rest of their lives, Milos must participate in one last mysterious film. From then on, Milos is drawn into a maelstrom of unbelievable cruelty and mayhem.
Title: Antebellum | Genres: horror | Overview: Successful author Veronica finds herself trapped in a horrifying reality and must uncover the mind-bending mystery before it's too late.
Title: Bayonetta: Bloody Fate | Genres: animation, action, fantasy | Overview: Based on the 2009 video game, Bayonetta: Bloody Fate follows the story of the titular heroine, an ancient witch who awakens from a five hundred-year slumber with no memory of her life. Armed with a gun in each limb, Bayonetta embarks on a journey to rediscover her past, defeating all bloodthirsty angels that stand in her way.
Title: Hostel: Part III | Genres: horror | Overview: Set in Las Vegas, the film centers on a man who attends his best friend's bachelor party, unaware of an insidious agenda that plays into hunting humans.
Title: The Babysitters | Genres: drama | Overview: Seventeen-year-old Shirley is a good student who works as a babysitter in order to make money for college. One night Michael, a father Shirley works for, confesses he's unhappy with married life. Shirley has a crush on Michael, and seizes this moment to kiss him. Michael is so happy he presents Shirley with a big tip, which gives her an idea. Shirley plans to make extra money by setting up her teenage friends with other unhappy fathers.
Title: The Dude in Me | Genres: fantasy, comedy | Overview: A movie about a teenager who falls from the roof, but finds himself in the body of a gangster.
Title: Books of Blood | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: A journey into uncharted and forbidden territory through three tales tangled in space and time.
Title: What Lies Below | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Liberty, a socially awkward 16-year-old, returns from two months at camp to a blindsided introduction of her mother’s fiancé, John Smith, whose charm, intelligence, and beauty paint the picture of a man too perfect to be human.
Title: The Rover | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: 10 years after a global economic collapse, a hardened loner pursues the men who stole his car through the lawless wasteland of the Australian outback, aided by the brother of one of the thieves.
Title: Species | Genres: science fiction, horror, action | Overview: In 1993, the Search for Extra Terrestrial Intelligence Project receives a transmission detailing an alien DNA structure, along with instructions on how to splice it with human DNA. The result is Sil, a sensual but deadly creature who can change from a beautiful woman to an armour-plated killing machine in the blink of an eye.
Title: A Week Away | Genres: drama, family, music, romance | Overview: Troubled teen Will Hawkins has a run-in with the law that puts him at an important crossroad: go to juvenile detention or attend a Christian summer camp. At first a fish-out-of-water, Will opens his heart, discovers love with a camp regular, and sense of belonging in the last place he expected to find it.
Title: The Loft | Genres: thriller | Overview: For five men, the opportunity to share a penthouse in the city -- in which to carry on extramarital affairs -- is a dream come true, until the dead body of an unknown woman turns up. Realizing that her killer must be one of their group, the men are gripped by paranoia as each one suspects another. Friendships are tested, loyalties are questioned, and marriages crumble while fear and suspicion run rampant.
Title: Good Boys | Genres: comedy | Overview: A group of young boys on the cusp of becoming teenagers embark on an epic quest to fix their broken drone before their parents get home.
Title: Semen Demon | Genres: horror, fantasy | Overview: Sexual bombshell Reiko Yamaguchi, star of the smash-hit Japanese Wife Next Door films, is back and this time she needs an exorcist! Is her new husband possessed by a demon or is he just a pervert? And what's up with her father-in-law and his insatiable desire for Reiko? Something is definitely wrong with Reiko's family, and only an exorcist can help! Akira Fukamachi directs this raunchy take on exorcism.
Title: Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: Sam Witwicky leaves the Autobots behind for a normal life. But when his mind is filled with cryptic symbols, the Decepticons target him and he is dragged back into the Transformers' war.
Title: The Social Network | Genres: drama | Overview: The tale of a new breed of cultural insurgent: a punk genius who sparked a revolution and changed the face of human interaction for a generation, and perhaps forever.
Title: Piranha | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: When flesh-eating piranhas are accidently released into a summer resort's rivers, the guests become their next meal.
Title: The Virginity Hit | Genres: comedy | Overview: Four guys, one camera, and their experience chronicling the exhilarating and terrifying rite of passage: losing your virginity. As these guys help their buddy get laid, they'll have to survive friends with benefits, Internet hookups, even porn stars during an adventure that proves why you will always remember your first time.
Title: S.W.A.T. | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: Hondo Harrelson recruits Jim Street to join an elite unit of the Los Angeles Police Department. Together they seek out more members, including tough Deke Kay and single mom Chris Sanchez. The team's first big assignment is to escort crime boss Alex Montel to prison. It seems routine, but when Montel offers a huge reward to anyone who can break him free, criminals of various stripes step up for the prize.
Title: Leprechaun 2 | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: A thousand years ago, the Leprechaun left a bloody trail when he ripped through the countryside in search of his stolen gold. Now he's back in the big city using all of his deadly tricks to snare the girl of his nightmares. His bloody quest becomes more deadly when her boyfriend steals one of the Leprechaun's gold coins. The town soon discovers two dead bodies and a trail of gold dust leads them to the Leprechaun's lair.
Title: The Protector 2 | Genres: action | Overview: Kham is the last in long line of guards who once watched over the King of Thailand's war elephants. Traditionally, only the perfect elephants could successfully help defend the throne, after his harrowing quest to retrieve the elephants, Kham returns to his village to live in peace. But for someone as good in martial arts as him, peace is but a wishful thought...
Title: 21 Bridges | Genres: crime, action, drama | Overview: An embattled NYPD detective, is thrust into a citywide manhunt for a pair of cop killers after uncovering a massive and unexpected conspiracy. As the night unfolds, lines become blurred on who he is pursuing, and who is in pursuit of him.
"Title: Tinker Bell | Genres: animation, family, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Journey into the secret world of Pixie Hollow and hear Tinker Bell speak for the very first time as the astonishing story of Disney's most famous fairy is finally revealed in the all-new motion picture ""Tinker Bell."""
Title: Lionheart | Genres: action | Overview: Lyon Gaultier is a deserter in the Foreign Legion arriving in the USA entirely hard up. He finds his brother between life and death and his sister-in-law without the money needed to heal her husband and to maintain her child. To earn the money needed, Gaultier decides to take part in some very dangerous clandestine fights.
Title: Batman: Assault on Arkham | Genres: thriller, animation, action, crime | Overview: Batman works desperately to find a bomb planted by the Joker while Amanda Waller sends her newly-formed Suicide Squad to break into Arkham Asylum and recover vital information stolen by the Riddler.
Title: Amélie | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: At a tiny Parisian café, the adorable yet painfully shy Amélie accidentally discovers a gift for helping others. Soon Amelie is spending her days as a matchmaker, guardian angel, and all-around do-gooder. But when she bumps into a handsome stranger, will she find the courage to become the star of her very own love story?
Title: Thor: Love and Thunder | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: The fourth installment of the Marvel Studios' Thor movie series.
Title: God's Not Dead | Genres: drama | Overview: After he refuses to disavow his faith, a devout Christian student must prove the existence of God or else his college philosophy professor will fail him.
Title: Psycho | Genres: horror, drama, thriller | Overview: When larcenous real estate clerk Marion Crane goes on the lam with a wad of cash and hopes of starting a new life, she ends up at the notorious Bates Motel, where manager Norman Bates cares for his housebound mother.
Title: Freaky | Genres: comedy, fantasy, horror, thriller | Overview: A mystical, ancient dagger causes a notorious serial killer to magically switch bodies with a 17-year-old girl.
Title: The Paperboy | Genres: thriller, drama, mystery | Overview: As investigative reporter Ward Jansen and his partner Yardley Acheman chase a sensational, career-making story with the help of Ward's younger brother Jack and sultry death-row groupie Charlotte Bless, the pair tries to prove violent swamp-dweller Hillary Van Wetter was framed for the murder of a corrupt local sheriff.
Title: I Believe | Genres: family | Overview: A 9 year old boy experiences God's power in a supernatural way.
Title: Danny Boy | Genres: drama, war, tv movie | Overview: Soldier Brian Wood, is accused of war crimes in Iraq by the human rights lawyer Phil Shiner. The two men go head to head in a legal and moral conflict that takes us from the battlefield, at so-called Checkpoint Danny Boy, to the courtroom and one of Britain’s biggest ever public inquiries, the Al-Sweady Inquiry.
Title: Batman and Harley Quinn | Genres: adventure, action, animation, science fiction | Overview: Batman and Nightwing are forced to team with the Joker's sometimes-girlfriend Harley Quinn to stop a global threat brought about by Poison Ivy and Jason Woodrue, the Floronic Man.
Title: Unfaithful | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: Connie is a wife and mother whose 11-year marriage to Edward has lost its sexual spark. When Connie literally runs into handsome book collector Paul, he sweeps her into an all-consuming affair. But Edward soon becomes suspicious and decides to confront the other man.
Title: Young & Beautiful | Genres: drama | Overview: Isabelle, a 17-year-old student, loses her virginity during a quick holiday romance. When she returns home, she begins a secret life as a prostitute for a year.
Title: Anoko no Toriko | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Centers on three childhood friends in a love triangle. Yori moved back to the countryside, and started wearing glasses and not being noticed by girls. Meanwhile, Shizuku entered the entertainment industry alongside Subaru, and both began working as a model and actor, respectively. But when Yori turns 16, he re-enters their lives.
Title: Charlie's Angels | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, crime, thriller | Overview: Three women, detectives with a mysterious boss, retrieve stolen voice-ID software, using martial arts, tech skills, and sex appeal.
"Title: Frankenweenie | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: When a car hits young Victor's pet dog Sparky, Victor decides to bring him back to life the only way he knows how. But when the bolt-necked ""monster"" wreaks havoc and terror in the hearts of Victor's neighbors, he has to convince them that Sparky's still the good, loyal friend he was."
Title: 47 Meters Down | Genres: horror, drama, thriller, adventure | Overview: Two sisters on Mexican vacation are trapped in a shark observation cage at the bottom of the ocean, with oxygen running low and great whites circling nearby, they have less than an hour of air left to figure out how to get to the surface.
Title: The Karate Kid | Genres: action, family, drama | Overview: After some violent confrontations with his new classmates, Daniel LaRusso learns karate from Japanese handyman Mr. Miyagi, in order to defend himself.
Title: The Black Phone | Genres: horror | Overview: Finney Shaw, a shy but clever 13-year-old boy, is abducted by a sadistic killer and trapped in a soundproof basement where screaming is of little use. When a disconnected phone on the wall begins to ring, Finney discovers that he can hear the voices of the killer’s previous victims. And they are dead set on making sure that what happened to them doesn’t happen to Finney.
Title: Police Academy 3: Back in Training | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: When police funding is cut, the Governor announces he must close one of the academies. To make it fair, the two police academies must compete against each other to stay in operation. Mauser persuades two officers in Lassard's academy to better his odds, but things don't quite turn out as expected...
Title: JJ+E | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Elisabeth and John-John live in the same city, but they inhabit different worlds.
Title: Night at the Museum | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: Chaos reigns at the natural history museum when night watchman Larry Daley accidentally stirs up an ancient curse, awakening Attila the Hun, an army of gladiators, a Tyrannosaurus rex and other exhibits.
Title: Man on Fire | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: Jaded ex-CIA operative John Creasy reluctantly accepts a job as the bodyguard for a 10-year-old girl in Mexico City. They clash at first, but eventually bond, and when she's kidnapped he's consumed by fury and will stop at nothing to save her life.
Title: Anger Management | Genres: comedy | Overview: After a small misunderstanding aboard an airplane escalates out of control, timid businessman Dave Buznik is ordered by the court to undergo anger management therapy at the hands of specialist Dr. Buddy Rydell. But when Buddy steps up his aggressive treatment by moving in, Dave goes from mild to wild as the unorthodox treatment wreaks havoc with his life.
Title: Deep Blue Sea | Genres: action, horror, science fiction | Overview: Researchers on the undersea lab Aquatica have genetically altered the brains of captive sharks to develop a cure for Alzheimer's disease. But there's an unexpected side effect: the sharks got smarter, faster, and more dangerous. After a big storm damages their remote research facility, they must fight for their lives.
Title: Aquaman: Heroines of Atlantis | Genres: documentary | Overview: Amber Heard and Nicole Kidman discuss their characters Mera and Atlanna.
"Title: Garo: Divine Flame | Genres: action, animation | Overview: Leon, who has succeeded the name of Golden Knight ""GARO,"" devotes himself to train a young Makai Knight for the next generation, together with Prince Alfonso of the Valiante Kingdom. Then, they receive an order to exterminate the most beautiful Horror in the world which resides in a neighboring country ""Vazelia."" At the same time, a young Makai Knight for the next generation is kidnapped by an unknown person. Leon desperately follows them, only to find that he is surrounded by his enemies at a dead end. Then, a Makai Knight Dario who was supposed to be missing for some time suddenly appears and rescues him. Under his guidance, Leon is led to the town where he meets up a totally unexpected person."
Title: 12 Strong | Genres: war, drama, action, history | Overview: A team of special forces head into Afghanistan in the aftermath of the September 11th attacks in an attempt to dismantle the Taliban.
Title: The Bourne Ultimatum | Genres: action, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Bourne is brought out of hiding once again by reporter Simon Ross who is trying to unveil Operation Blackbriar, an upgrade to Project Treadstone, in a series of newspaper columns. Information from the reporter stirs a new set of memories, and Bourne must finally uncover his dark past while dodging The Company's best efforts to eradicate him.
Title: The Boy from Medellín | Genres: documentary, music | Overview: Colombian reggaeton singer J Balvin prepares for his 2019 homecoming concert amid intense political turmoil.
Title: The Moment You Fall in Love | Genres: drama, animation, romance, comedy | Overview: Following Natsuki Enomoto's confession rehearsals with Yuu Setoguchi, their younger siblings Kotarou and Hina struggle to confess their own love. Despite a disastrous first meeting in middle school with her upperclassman Koyuki Ayase, Hina’s heart is captured by his warm smile. Initially confused by these newfound feelings, Hina soon realizes that she has fallen in love for the very first time. Chasing after her brother Yuu and her crush Koyuki, Hina also enrolls in Sakuragaoka High School; but the threads of love are far-reaching, and they entangle Hina and her friends. Boisterous but sensitive, Hina hopes to confess her feelings to the tender-hearted Koyuki. Meanwhile, Kotarou, oblivious to his own feelings for her, is determined to always keep Hina smiling. This movie follows Hina, Kotarou, and Koyuki in high school. Their youthful love forges new relationships, but also threatens to break others.
Title: [REC] | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: A television reporter and cameraman follow emergency workers into a dark apartment building and are quickly locked inside with something terrifying.
Title: Doraemon: New Nobita's Great Demon – Peko and the Exploration Party of Five | Genres: family, animation, adventure | Overview: The film starts with Gian seeing some like spirit and it asks him to accomplish a task. The story starts when a stray dogs are searching some foods in the can. Then a dirty white dog comes out of nowhere. Just then, the dog creates a close stare to the stray dogs and forces to run away. But the dog is disappointed that he doesn't know what to do after searching the garbage, under the pouring rain. After that, Suneo starts saying about the discoverable places on Earth and him and Gian are totally disappointed about that. That then, they are asking favor to Nobita to take them to an undiscovered place to be seen by their naked eyes. Nobita refuses but tells he will try his best. He comes to upstairs to explain Doraemon what the problem is now.
Title: Arthur and the Invisibles | Genres: adventure, fantasy, animation, family | Overview: Arthur is a spirited ten-year old whose parents are away looking for work, whose eccentric grandfather has been missing for several years, and who lives with his grandmother in a country house that, in two days, will be repossessed, torn down, and turned into a block of flats unless Arthur's grandfather returns to sign some papers and pay off the family debt. Arthur discovers that the key to success lies in his own descent into the land of the Minimoys, creatures no larger than a tooth, whom his grandfather helped relocate to their garden. Somewhere among them is hidden a pile of rubies, too. Can Arthur be of stout heart and save the day? Romance beckons as well, and a villain lurks.
Title: A Monster in Paris | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: Paris, 1910. Emile, a shy movie projectionist, and Raoul, a colourful inventor, find themselves embarked on the hunt for a monster terrorizing citizens. They join forces with Lucille, the big-hearted star of the Bird of Paradise cabaret, an eccentric scientist and his irascible monkey to save the monster, who turns out to be an oversized but harmless flea, from the city's ruthlessly ambitious police chief.
Title: Tokyo Ghoul 'S' | Genres: action, horror, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: Now a member of Anteiku, Ken Kaneki grows closer to the ghouls around him. Determined to protect his new home against anti-ghoul forces, he trains his powers in secret. But when the infamous gourmet, Shū Tsukiyama, wishes to savour some half-ghoul flavour, Kaneki's training is put to test of a lifetime.
Title: The Nutcracker and the Four Realms | Genres: fantasy, adventure, family | Overview: When Clara’s mother leaves her a mysterious gift, she embarks on a journey to four secret realms—where she discovers her greatest strength could change the world.
Title: The Grand Budapest Hotel | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: The Grand Budapest Hotel tells of a legendary concierge at a famous European hotel between the wars and his friendship with a young employee who becomes his trusted protégé. The story involves the theft and recovery of a priceless Renaissance painting, the battle for an enormous family fortune and the slow and then sudden upheavals that transformed Europe during the first half of the 20th century.
Title: Upgrade | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: A brutal mugging leaves Grey Trace paralyzed in the hospital and his beloved wife dead. A billionaire inventor soon offers Trace a cure — an artificial intelligence implant called STEM that will enhance his body. Now able to walk, Grey finds that he also has superhuman strength and agility — skills he uses to seek revenge against the thugs who destroyed his life.
Title: Step Up 3D | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A tight-knit group of New York City street dancers, including Luke and Natalie, team up with NYU freshman Moose, and find themselves pitted against the world's best hip hop dancers in a high-stakes showdown that will change their lives forever.
Title: Impossible Things | Genres: family, drama | Overview: A widow who is tormented by the memory of her abusive husband befriends a young man.
Title: Kill Command | Genres: action, horror, science fiction | Overview: Set in a near future, technology-reliant society that pits man against killing machines. Against this backdrop an elite army unit is helicoptered to a remote, off-the-grid island training facility. What starts out as a simple training exercise for Captain Bukes and his tight-knit unit, descends into a terrifying battle to the death, as the marines discover the island is overrun by an enemy that transcends the human concept of evil.
Title: Below Her Mouth | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: An unexpected affair quickly escalates into a heart-stopping reality for two women whose passionate connection changes their lives forever.
Title: A Cinderella Story: If the Shoe Fits | Genres: comedy, family, fantasy, music | Overview: A contemporary musical version of the classic Cinderella story in which the servant step daughter hope to compete in a musical competition for a famous pop star.
Title: Kingdom of Heaven | Genres: drama, action, adventure, history, war | Overview: After his wife dies, a blacksmith named Balian is thrust into royalty, political intrigue and bloody holy wars during the Crusades.
Title: Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2 | Genres: action, comedy, family | Overview: Security guard Paul Blart is headed to Las Vegas to attend a Security Guard Expo with his teenage daughter Maya before she departs for college. While at the convention, he inadvertently discovers a heist - and it's up to Blart to apprehend the criminals.
Title: Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: Jack Ryan, as a young covert CIA analyst, uncovers a Russian plot to crash the U.S. economy with a terrorist attack.
Title: The Departed | Genres: drama, thriller, crime | Overview: To take down South Boston's Irish Mafia, the police send in one of their own to infiltrate the underworld, not realizing the syndicate has done likewise. While an undercover cop curries favor with the mob kingpin, a career criminal rises through the police ranks. But both sides soon discover there's a mole among them.
Title: Ben-Hur | Genres: action, history, adventure, drama | Overview: A falsely accused nobleman survives years of slavery to take vengeance on his best friend who betrayed him.
Title: Miss March | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A young man awakens from a four-year coma to hear that his once virginal high-school sweetheart has since become a centerfold in one of the world's most famous men's magazines. He and his sex-crazed best friend decide to take a cross-country road trip in order to crash a party at the magazine's legendary mansion headquarters and win back the girl.
Title: Blood and Bone | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: In Los Angeles, an ex-con takes the underground fighting world by storm in his quest to fulfill a promise to a dead friend.
Title: Gnomeo & Juliet | Genres: animation, family | Overview: A version of Shakespeare's play, set in the world of warring indoor and outdoor gnomes. Garden gnomes Gnomeo and Juliet have as many obstacles to overcome as their quasi namesakes when they are caught up in a feud between neighbors. But with plastic pink flamingos and lawnmower races in the mix, can this young couple find lasting happiness?
Title: Everly | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: After she betrays a powerful mob boss, a woman matches wits and weaponry with a legion of killers who are out to collect the bounty on the heads of her and her family.
Title: The Mechanic | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: Arthur Bishop is a 'mechanic' - an elite assassin with a strict code and unique talent for cleanly eliminating targets. It's a job that requires professional perfection and total detachment, and Bishop is the best in the business. But when he is ordered to take out his mentor and close friend Harry, Bishop is anything but detached.
Title: Goldfinger | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: Special agent 007 comes face to face with one of the most notorious villains of all time, and now he must outwit and outgun the powerful tycoon to prevent him from cashing in on a devious scheme to raid Fort Knox -- and obliterate the world's economy.
Title: Love, Simon | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Everyone deserves a great love story. But for seventeen-year old Simon Spier it's a little more complicated: he's yet to tell his family or friends he's gay and he doesn't know the identity of the anonymous classmate he's fallen for online.
Title: The Beguiled | Genres: drama | Overview: During the Civil War, at a Southern girls’ boarding school, young women take in an injured enemy soldier. As they provide refuge and tend to his wounds, the house is taken over with sexual tension and dangerous rivalries, and taboos are broken in an unexpected turn of events.
Title: Turbo | Genres: animation, family | Overview: The tale of an ordinary garden snail who dreams of winning the Indy 500.
Title: Legally Blonde | Genres: comedy | Overview: Elle Woods, a fashionable sorority queen, is dumped by her boyfriend. She decides to follow him to law school, but while there, she figures out that there is more to herself than just looks.
Title: Lights Out | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: Rebecca must unlock the terror behind her little brother's experiences that once tested her sanity, bringing her face to face with a supernatural spirit attached to their mother.
Title: Back to the Future Part III | Genres: adventure, comedy, science fiction | Overview: The final installment of the Back to the Future trilogy finds Marty digging the trusty DeLorean out of a mineshaft and looking for Doc in the Wild West of 1885. But when their time machine breaks down, the travelers are stranded in a land of spurs. More problems arise when Doc falls for pretty schoolteacher Clara Clayton, and Marty tangles with Buford Tannen.
Title: Poltergeist | Genres: horror | Overview: Steve Freeling lives with his wife, Diane, and their three children, Dana, Robbie, and Carol Anne, in Southern California where he sells houses for the company that built the neighborhood. It starts with just a few odd occurrences, such as broken dishes and furniture moving around by itself. However, when he realizes that something truly evil haunts his home, Steve calls in a team of parapsychologists led by Dr. Lesh to help before it's too late.
Title: I Am a Hero | Genres: action, science fiction, fantasy, horror | Overview: Hideo Suzuki is a 35-year-old mangaka assistant, whose life seem to be stuck around his exhausting but low-paying job, unfulfilled dreams, strange hallucinations and unsatisfying relationships. He sees himself as a supporting character in his own life, has low self-esteem, resulting in frustration. One day, the world as Hideo knows it is shattered by the presence of a disease that turns people into homicidal maniacs, whose first instinct is to attack and devour the nearest human.
Title: Home Alone 4 | Genres: comedy, family, tv movie | Overview: Kevin McCallister's parents have split up. Now living with his mom, he decides to spend Christmas with his dad at the mansion of his father's rich girlfriend, Natalie. Meanwhile robber Marv Merchants, one of the villains from the first two movies, partners up with a new criminal named Vera to hit Natalie's mansion.
Title: Girls Trip | Genres: comedy | Overview: Four girlfriends take a trip to New Orleans for an annual festival and, along the way, rediscover their wild sides and strengthen the bonds of sisterhood.
Title: Playing It Cool | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A young man meets and instantly falls in love with an engaged woman.
Title: The Binding | Genres: horror, thriller, drama | Overview: While visiting her fiancé's mother in southern Italy, a woman must fight the mysterious and malevolent curse intent on claiming her daughter.
Title: Godzilla | Genres: science fiction, action, thriller | Overview: French nuclear tests irradiate an iguana into a giant monster that viciously attacks freighter ships in the Pacific Ocean. A team of experts, including Niko Tatopoulos, conclude that the oversized reptile is the culprit. Before long, the giant lizard is loose in Manhattan as the US military races to destroy the monster before it reproduces and it's spawn takes over the world.
"Title: Haunting of the Mary Celeste | Genres: horror | Overview: Rachel, a concerned researcher, and her team have set out to sea to prove that the disappearance of a family and crew from a merchant ship was for reasons having to do with the supernatural. Her theory that those on the Mary Celeste vanished into a ""rift"" between dimensions proves true as the boat breaks down and her crew begins to vanish one by one."
Title: Lassie Come Home | Genres: adventure, family | Overview: 12-year-old Florian and his beloved dog Lassie live in an idyllic village in the German countryside. When Florian's father loses his job, the family have to move into a small apartment where there are no dogs allowed. Lassie is given away to another family, but Florian and Lassie yearn to be reunited again so Florian sets out on an adventure to find his best friend.
Title: Lara Croft: Tomb Raider | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action, thriller | Overview: English aristocrat Lara Croft is skilled in hand-to-hand combat and in the middle of a battle with a secret society. The shapely archaeologist moonlights as a tomb raider to recover lost antiquities and meets her match in the evil Powell, who's in search of a powerful relic.
"Title: Avengers Grimm | Genres: action, fantasy | Overview: When Rumpelstiltskin destroys the Magic Mirror and escapes to the modern world, the four princesses of ""Once Upon a Time""-Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty, Snow White, and Rapunzel-are sucked through the portal too. Well-trained and endowed with magical powers, the four women must fight Rumpelstiltskin and his army of thralls before he enslaves everyone on Earth."
Title: E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial | Genres: science fiction, adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: After a gentle alien becomes stranded on Earth, the being is discovered and befriended by a young boy named Elliott. Bringing the extraterrestrial into his suburban California house, Elliott introduces E.T., as the alien is dubbed, to his brother and his little sister, Gertie, and the children decide to keep its existence a secret. Soon, however, E.T. falls ill, resulting in government intervention and a dire situation for both Elliott and the alien.
Title: Los perros | Genres: drama | Overview: Mariana, an upper-class Chilean, feels a strange attraction towards her riding teacher, Juan, a former colonel with a shady past.
Title: Atomic Blonde | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: An undercover MI6 agent is sent to Berlin during the Cold War to investigate the murder of a fellow agent and recover a missing list of double agents.
Title: The Dictator | Genres: comedy | Overview: The heroic story of a dictator who risks his life to ensure that democracy would never come to the country he so lovingly oppressed.
Title: Robin Hood | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: A war-hardened Crusader and his Moorish commander mount an audacious revolt against the corrupt English crown.
Title: Training Day | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: On his first day on the job as a narcotics officer, a rookie cop works with a rogue detective who isn't what he appears.
Title: The Lego Ninjago Movie | Genres: family, animation, action, adventure, comedy | Overview: Six young ninjas are tasked with defending their island home of Ninjago. By night, they’re gifted warriors using their skill and awesome fleet of vehicles to fight villains and monsters. By day, they’re ordinary teens struggling against their greatest enemy....high school.
Title: Baby on Board | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: The story of Angela, an ambitious, image-conscious businesswoman working for over-demanding boss Mary. When Angela becomes unexpectedly pregnant at the peak of her career, her life with her divorce attorney husband, Curtis, is turned upside-down.
Title: Pixie Hollow Games | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Rosetta and new arrival Chloe band together to try to break the garden fairies' legendary losing streak in the Pixie Hollow Games, a sports spectacle filled with pixie pageantry, fantastic fairy events and hilarious surprises.
Title: Basic Instinct | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: A violent police detective investigates a brutal murder that might involve a manipulative and seductive novelist.
Title: Sniper: Ultimate Kill | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: A ruthless Columbian drug lord has been using a cold-blooded assassin nicknamed The Devil to wipe out his competition. Sensing a threat to the US, the DEA hires a Marine sniper to kill The Devil, and capture the kingpin.
"Title: Trinity Seven: Eternity Library & Alchemic Girl | Genres: animation, action, comedy, fantasy | Overview: The film's story begins when Arata inadvertently touches ""Hermes Apocrypha,"" Lilith's Grimoire. Suddenly, he is enveloped by a bright white light, and a girl appears before him. She calls herself Lilim, and treats both Arata and Lilith as her parents. At the same time she appears, something changes in the world. The forbidden Eternal Library awakens. In the Library is sealed the ultimate culmination of Alchemy, the White Demon Lord. The White Demon Lord plots to eliminate Arata and the Trinity Seven to usurp the position of Demon Lord. Bristling with untold power, the White Demon Lord attacks Arata, and triggers a desperate crisis where Arata and the Trinity Seven must save the world in this last battle."
Title: Bleeding Steel | Genres: action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Jackie Chan stars as a hardened special forces agent who fights to protect a young woman from a sinister criminal gang. At the same time, he feels a special connection to the young woman, like they met in a different life.
Title: Halloween | Genres: horror | Overview: After being committed for 17 years, Michael Myers, now a grown man and still very dangerous, escapes from the mental institution (where he was committed as a 10 year old) and he immediately returns to Haddonfield, where he wants to find his baby sister, Laurie. Anyone who crosses his path is in mortal danger
Title: A World For Julius | Genres: drama, tv movie | Overview: Julius is an upper-class boy in Lima in the 1940s. He lives in a palace with his aristocratic family and extensive servants. As the years go by, Julius will gradually lose his innocence, discovering and never understanding an adult world full of inequalities and injustices.
Title: The DUFF | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Bianca's universe turns upside down when she learns that her high school refers to her as a ‘DUFF' (Designated Ugly Fat Friend). Hoping to erase that label, she enlists the help of a charming jock and her favorite teacher. Together they'll face the school's mean girl and remind everyone that we are all someone's DUFF… and that's totally fine.
Title: Tremors: A Cold Day in Hell | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, fantasy, comedy, horror | Overview: Burt Gummer (Michael Gross) and his son Travis Welker (Jamie Kennedy) find themselves up to their ears in Graboids and Ass-Blasters when they head to Canada to investigate a series of deadly giant-worm attacks. Arriving at a remote research facility in the artic tundra, Burt begins to suspect that Graboids are secretly being weaponized, but before he can prove his theory, he is sidelined by Graboid venom. With just 48 hours to live, the only hope is to create an antidote from fresh venom — but to do that, someone will have to figure out how to milk a Graboid!
Title: Resident Evil: Vendetta | Genres: animation, horror, adventure, mystery, action, science fiction | Overview: BSAA Chris Redfield enlists the help of government agent Leon S. Kennedy and Professor Rebecca Chambers from Alexander Institute of Biotechnology to stop a death merchant with a vengeance from spreading a deadly virus in New York.
Title: The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement | Genres: comedy, drama, family, romance | Overview: Mia Thermopolis is now a college graduate and on her way to Genovia to take up her duties as princess. Her best friend Lilly also joins her for the summer. Mia continues her 'princess lessons'- riding horses side-saddle, archery, and other royal. But her complicated life is turned upside down once again when she not only learns that she is to take the crown as queen earlier than expected...
Title: The Skin I Live In | Genres: thriller, drama, horror | Overview: A brilliant plastic surgeon creates a synthetic skin that withstands any kind of damage. His guinea pig: a mysterious and volatile woman who holds the key to his obsession.
Title: RoboCop | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: In a violent, near-apocalyptic Detroit, evil corporation Omni Consumer Products wins a contract from the city government to privatize the police force. To test their crime-eradicating cyborgs, the company leads street cop Alex Murphy into an armed confrontation with crime lord Boddicker so they can use his body to support their untested RoboCop prototype. But when RoboCop learns of the company's nefarious plans, he turns on his masters.
Title: Curse of Chucky | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: After the passing of her mother, Nica Pierce, a young woman in a wheelchair, is forced to deal with her sister, brother-in-law, niece and their nanny as they say their goodbyes to mother. But when people start turning up dead, Nica discovers the culprit might be a strange doll she received a few days earlier.
Title: Underworld: Evolution | Genres: fantasy, action, thriller | Overview: As the war between the vampires and the Lycans rages on, Selene, a former member of the Death Dealers (an elite vampire special forces unit that hunts werewolves), and Michael, the werewolf hybrid, work together in an effort to unlock the secrets of their respective bloodlines.
Title: Oldboy | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery, action | Overview: With no clue how he came to be imprisoned, drugged and tortured for 15 years, a desperate businessman seeks revenge on his captors.
Title: Cashback | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: After a painful breakup, Ben develops insomnia. To kill time, he starts working the late night shift at the local supermarket, where his artistic imagination runs wild.
Title: Love, Chunibyo & Other Delusions! Take On Me | Genres: animation, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Yuuta and Rikka are in their third year of high school. One day in Spring, Touka declares that she will take Rikka to Italy with her, as her job has stabilized there and thinks they should migrate together as a family. Touka is also worried about Rikka not being competent enough to advance to universities in Japan. The gangs from the club suggested Yuuta, who doesn't want to be separated, to elope with Rikka!! A runaway drama throughout Japan begins.
Title: Bullet Train | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Five assassins aboard a fast moving bullet train find out their missions have something in common.
Title: Once Upon a Time in America | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: A former Prohibition-era Jewish gangster returns to the Lower East Side of Manhattan over thirty years later, where he once again must confront the ghosts and regrets of his old life.
"Title: Seven Minutes | Genres: comedy | Overview: ¿Bastan 7 minutos para enamorarse? Los protagonistas de esta comedia coral y romántica no lo tienen claro. Pero lo van a intentar. Por eso acuden a una sesión de ""citas rápidas"", encuentros entre hombres y mujeres que quieren conocer gente, huir de la soledad y encontrar el amor.En estas veladas, cada uno tiene siete minutos para hablar con cada una, y viceversa. Luego, todos se van a casa y votan por Internet a aquellas personas que les han gustado. Si el voto es coincidente, la empresa que organiza los encuentros remite a los interesados los e-mails respectivos, y a partir de ahí, puede surgir o no una historia..."
Title: Cats & Dogs | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: When a professor develops a vaccine that eliminates human allergies to dogs, he unwittingly upsets the fragile balance of power between cats and dogs and touches off an epic battle for pet supremacy. The fur flies as the feline faction, led by Mr. Tinkles, squares off against wide-eyed puppy Lou and his canine cohorts.
Title: To All the Boys: P.S. I Still Love You | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Lara Jean and Peter have just taken their romance from pretend to officially real when another recipient of one of her love letters enters the picture.
Title: Tamako Love Story | Genres: romance, animation, comedy | Overview: Devoted to her family’s rice-cake–making business and the high school baton club, Tamako is a little slow when it comes to love. She’s oblivious to her childhood friend Mochizo’s affections, even though all their friends know. With graduation closing in and Mochizo leaving for Tokyo, will Tamako realise her feelings and tell him in time?
Title: Little Big Mouth | Genres: comedy | Overview: Kicked out of his band and home, a playful guitarist takes refuge with a bookkeeper, her son and dad. Is it possible to make sweet music together?
Title: I Feel Pretty | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A head injury causes a woman to develop an extraordinary amount of confidence and believe she's drop dead gorgeous.
Title: The Three Deaths of Marisela Escobedo | Genres: documentary, crime | Overview: Follows a mother's tireless crusade to jail her daughter's murderer after Mexico's justice system failed to do so.
Title: Lone Survivor | Genres: war, action, drama, history | Overview: Four Navy SEALs on a covert mission to neutralize a high-level Taliban operative must make an impossible moral decision in the mountains of Afghanistan that leads them into an enemy ambush. As they confront unthinkable odds, the SEALs must find reserves of strength and resilience to fight to the finish.
Title: Murder on the Orient Express | Genres: mystery, crime, drama | Overview: Genius Belgian detective Hercule Poirot investigates the murder of an American tycoon aboard the Orient Express train.
Title: Berserk: The Golden Age Arc III - The Advent | Genres: action, adventure, drama, fantasy, animation | Overview: A year has passed since Guts parted ways with the Band of the Hawks. Meanwhile, his former mercenary group is plotting a rescue mission to save an imprisoned Griffith.
Title: The Last House on the Left | Genres: crime, thriller, horror, drama | Overview: A group of teenage girls heading into the city hook up with a gang of drug-addled ne'er-do-wells and are brutally murdered. The killers find their way to the home of one of their victim's parents, where both father and mother exact a horrible revenge.
Title: Platoon | Genres: drama, war, action | Overview: As a young and naive recruit in Vietnam, Chris Taylor faces a moral crisis when confronted with the horrors of war and the duality of man.
Title: Quest for Camelot | Genres: fantasy, animation, drama, romance, family | Overview: During the times of King Arthur, Kayley is a brave girl who dreams of following her late father as a Knight of the Round Table. The evil Ruber wants to invade Camelot and take the throne of King Arthur, and Kayley has to stop him.
Title: My Sister's Keeper | Genres: drama | Overview: Sara and Brian live an idyllic life with their young son and daughter. But their family is rocked by sudden, heartbreaking news that forces them to make a difficult and unorthodox choice in order to save their baby girl's life. The parents' desperate decision raises both ethical and moral questions and rips away at the foundation of their relationship. Their actions ultimately set off a court case that threatens to tear the family apart, while revealing surprising truths that challenge everyone's perceptions of love and loyalty and give new meaning to the definition of healing.
Title: Death Proof | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Austin's hottest DJ, Jungle Julia, sets out into the night to unwind with her two friends Shanna and Arlene. Covertly tracking their moves is Stuntman Mike, a scarred rebel leering from behind the wheel of his muscle car, revving just feet away.
Title: Sex and Zen | Genres: drama, adventure, comedy, romance | Overview: A recently married scholar goes on a quest for knowledge of other people's wives, based on his philosophical differences with the Sack Monk. He encounters the Flying Thief, who agrees to help him find women, but only if he attains a penis as big as a horse's. The scholar has a surgeon attach said unit, and he's off and running on his mission, only to find that there are obstacles to his new lifestyle, such as jealous husbands and treacherous females.
Title: The Heist of the Century | Genres: comedy, thriller, crime | Overview: In 2006, a group of thieves performed what is considered one of the most famous and smart bank heists in the history of Argentina. How they robbed the Rio bank is as surprising as what happened afterwards. This is their story.
Title: Renegades | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: In the midst of the Balkan wars, a squad of Navy SEALs attempts to unravel a long-forgotten mystery after discovering an enormous treasure trove hidden at the bottom of a lake in Serbia.
Title: Jack Black: Spider-Man | Genres: comedy | Overview: Peter Parker is no ordinary kid, but what if he was played by Jack Black? That's right, you got yourself some pretty irresponsible hero!
Title: Let There Be Light | Genres: drama | Overview: An atheist goes through a near-death experience in an auto accident before converting to Christianity.
Title: On the Basis of Sex | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Young lawyer Ruth Bader Ginsburg teams with her husband Marty to bring a groundbreaking case before the U.S. Court of Appeals and overturn a century of sex discrimination.
Title: Mad Max 2 | Genres: adventure, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Max Rockatansky returns as the heroic loner who drives the dusty roads of a postapocalyptic Australian Outback in an unending search for gasoline. Arrayed against him and the other scraggly defendants of a fuel-depot encampment are the bizarre warriors commanded by the charismatic Lord Humungus, a violent leader whose scruples are as barren as the surrounding landscape.
Title: The Darkest Minds | Genres: science fiction, action, drama, romance, adventure, thriller | Overview: After a disease kills 98% of America's children, the surviving 2% develop superpowers and are placed in internment camps. A 16-year-old girl escapes her camp and joins a group of other teens on the run from the government.
Title: Broken City | Genres: thriller, crime, drama | Overview: In a broken city rife with injustice, ex-cop Billy Taggart seeks redemption and revenge after being double-crossed and then framed by its most powerful figure, the mayor. Billy's relentless pursuit of justice, matched only by his streetwise toughness, makes him an unstoppable force - and the mayor's worst nightmare.
Title: Inazuma Eleven: The Movie | Genres: fantasy, animation | Overview: The movie starts with the first years of Endou Mamoru in Raimon. It shows what happened during the Football Frontier at the first half of the movie, until they end up having a match with the Ogre. With most of the members injured, they almost lost hope, until Kanon introduces himself as Endou Mamoru's great grandson and other friends from the near future (Fubuki, Toramaru, Hiroto, Tobitaka , and Fidio) showed and helped them. With the added strength and after a great match they are able to defeat Team Ogre.
Title: The Killing of a Sacred Deer | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: Dr. Steven Murphy is a renowned cardiovascular surgeon who presides over a spotless household with his wife and two children. Lurking at the margins of his idyllic suburban existence is Martin, a fatherless teen who insinuates himself into the doctor's life in gradually unsettling ways.
Title: Shaun of the Dead | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: Shaun lives a supremely uneventful life, which revolves around his girlfriend, his mother, and, above all, his local pub. This gentle routine is threatened when the dead return to life and make strenuous attempts to snack on ordinary Londoners.
Title: Blue Bayou | Genres: drama | Overview: As a Korean-American man raised in the Louisiana bayou works hard to make a life for his family, he must confront the ghosts of his past as he discovers that he could be deported from the only country he has ever called home.
Title: Oz the Great and Powerful | Genres: fantasy, adventure, family | Overview: Oscar Diggs, a small-time circus illusionist and con-artist, is whisked from Kansas to the Land of Oz where the inhabitants assume he's the great wizard of prophecy, there to save Oz from the clutches of evil.
Title: Batman: Gotham by Gaslight | Genres: thriller, action, animation, science fiction | Overview: In an alternative Victorian Age Gotham City, Batman begins his war on crime while he investigates a new series of murders by Jack the Ripper.
Title: Child 44 | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: Set in Stalin-era Soviet Union, a disgraced MGB agent is dispatched to investigate a series of child murders -- a case that begins to connect with the very top of party leadership.
Title: Friday the 13th Part VII: The New Blood | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A young girl who possesses the power of telekinesis accidentally causes her father's death after a family dispute at Crystal Lake. Years later, when a doctor tries to exploit her abilities, her power becomes a hellish curse, and she unwittingly unchains the merciless, bloodthirsty Jason Voorhees from his watery grave.
Title: Torque | Genres: action | Overview: Biker Cary Ford is framed by an old rival and biker gang leader for the murder of another gang member who happens to be the brother of Trey, leader of the most feared biker gang in the country. Ford is now on the run trying to clear his name from the murder with Trey and his gang looking for his blood.
Title: Walking with Dinosaurs | Genres: animation, family, adventure | Overview: Walking with Dinosaurs 3D is a film depicting life-like 3D dinosaur characters set in photo-real landscapes that transports audiences to the prehistoric world as it existed 70 million years ago. The film is based on the 1999 documentary television miniseries Walking with Dinosaurs, produced by the BBC. Walking with Dinosaurs 3D is being produced by Evergreen Studios, the company that produced Happy Feet, and it is was released on October 11, 2013.
Title: Security | Genres: thriller | Overview: After the assault of a young woman in their seaside town, a security expert and his family get caught in a powerful riptide of secrets and lies.
Title: Lego DC Comics Super Heroes: The Flash | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family, science fiction | Overview: Reverse-Flash manipulates the Speed Force to put the Flash into a time loop that forces him to relive the same day over and over again—with progressively disastrous results, including losing his powers and being fired by the Justice League. The Flash must find a way to restore time to its original path and finally apprehend his worst enemy before all is lost for the Flash…and the world!
Title: Game of Thrones: The Last Watch | Genres: documentary, tv movie | Overview: Post-finale feature-length documentary about the making-of the hit HBO TV show.
Title: Return of the Jedi | Genres: adventure, action, science fiction | Overview: Luke Skywalker leads a mission to rescue his friend Han Solo from the clutches of Jabba the Hutt, while the Emperor seeks to destroy the Rebellion once and for all with a second dreaded Death Star.
Title: Happily | Genres: comedy, romance, thriller | Overview: Tom and Janet have been happily married for years. But a visit from a mysterious stranger leads to a dead body, a lot of questions, and a tense couples' trip with friends who may not actually be friends at all.
"Title: Lady Bloodfight | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Jane is a beautiful but troubled American girl backpacking through Japan, when her raw street fighting skills draw the attention of Oshima, Japanese karate champion, who recruits and trains her to fight in the vicious, all-female, underground martial arts tournament known as ""The Kumite"". After months of rigorous preparation, Jane is ready to face off against the deadliest female fighters in the world, including Ling, the Chinese apprentice of Oshima's nemesis. But other nefarious forces lie in the shadows, and Jane and Ling will have to unite on a journey that will take them from the gritty underworld of Hong Kong to the glitz of Macao, before deciding who really is the best female fighter on the planet."
Title: Constantine: City of Demons - The Movie | Genres: fantasy, animation, horror, action | Overview: A decade after a tragic mistake, family man Chas and occult detective John Constantine set out to cure Chas’s daughter Trish from a mysterious supernatural coma. With the help of the mysterious Nightmare Nurse, the influential Queen of Angels, and brutal Aztec God Mictlantecuhtli, the pair just might have a chance at outsmarting the demon Beroul to save Trish’s soul. In a world of shadows and dark magic, not everything is what it seems, and there’s always a price to pay. The path to redemption is never easy, and if Constantine is to succeed, he must navigate through the dark urban underbelly of Los Angeles, outwit the most cunning spawns of hell, and come face to face with arch-nemesis Nergal – all while battling his own inner demons!
Title: The Iceman | Genres: thriller, crime, drama | Overview: The true story of Richard Kuklinski, the notorious contract killer and family man.
Title: Malcolm & Marie | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: As a filmmaker and his girlfriend return home from his movie premiere, smoldering tensions and painful revelations push them toward a romantic reckoning.
Title: Demolition Man | Genres: crime, action, science fiction | Overview: Simon Phoenix, a violent criminal cryogenically frozen in 1996, escapes during a parole hearing in 2032 in the utopia of San Angeles. Police are incapable of dealing with his violent ways and turn to his captor, who had also been cryogenically frozen after being wrongfully accused of killing 30 innocent people while apprehending Phoenix.
Title: Puss in Boots: The Three Diablos | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: Puss in Boots is on a mission to recover the Princess' stolen ruby from the notorious French thief, Whisperer. Reluctantly accompanied by three little kittens, Three Diablos, Puss must tame them before they endanger the mission.
Title: Return to the Blue Lagoon | Genres: adventure, drama | Overview: In this sequel to the 1980 classic, two children are stranded on a beautiful island in the South Pacific. With no adults to guide them, the two make a simple life together and eventually become tanned teenagers in love.
Title: The Kill Team | Genres: war, action, drama | Overview: When Andrew Briggman—a young soldier in the US invasion of Afghanistan—witnesses other recruits killing innocent civilians under the direction of a sadistic Sergeant, he considers reporting them to higher-ups. However, the heavily-armed and increasingly-violent platoon becomes suspicious that someone in their ranks has turned on them, and Andrew begins to fear that he'll be the next target.
Title: Eyes Wide Shut | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: After Dr. Bill Harford's wife, Alice, admits to having sexual fantasies about a man she met, Bill becomes obsessed with having a sexual encounter. He discovers an underground sexual group and attends one of their meetings -- and quickly discovers that he is in over his head.
Title: Passing | Genres: drama | Overview: In 1920s New York City, a Black woman finds her world upended when her life becomes intertwined with a former childhood friend who's passing as white.
Title: Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: Wimpy Greg Heffley, now in seventh grade, thinks he has it all together. He has mastered middle school and gotten rid of the Cheese Touch. However, Greg's older brother, Rodrick, is itching to cut him down to size. He gets the perfect opportunity when their mother tries to force the boys to bond. Rodrick may be Greg's chief tormentor, but he feels his constant pranks are just what his little brother needs to prepare him for life's hard knocks.
Title: Euphoria | Genres: drama | Overview: Euphoria brings together two intersecting road stories about the same person - a little girl called Lily who is taken away from home by her mother Celeste, and a young woman, Michelle, who journeys home to unravel the truth about her mysterious past.
Title: TEKKEN: Kazuya's Revenge | Genres: action | Overview: A young man, Kazuya Mishima, wakes up alone in an unfamiliar hotel room without any recollection of who he is or how he got there. He is tormented by flashes of his past and by the face of an ominous stranger. The next thing he knows, Kazuya is ambushed and kidnapped by an underground crime organization and, soon after, turned into a ruthless assassin. During a mission to assassinate a man named Brian Fury, Kazuya finds that his target harbors clues to his true identity. With the help of Fury and a female assassin, Kazuya follows the clues, leading him to the lab of his reoccurring flashbacks. Here, he will finally confront his past and the ominous man of his nightmares - Heihachi Mishima, face the ultimate betrayal, and Ieam the truth about who, and what, he really is. TEKKEN 2: KAZUYA’S REVENGE is non-stop action from the first scene to the last.
Title: Selena | Genres: music, drama, history | Overview: In this biographical drama, Selena Quintanilla is born into a musical Mexican-American family in Texas. Her father, Abraham, realizes that his young daughter is talented and begins performing with her at small venues. She finds success and falls for her guitarist, Chris Perez, who draws the ire of her father. Seeking mainstream stardom, Selena begins recording an English-language album which, tragically, she would never complete.
Title: Paddington 2 | Genres: adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Paddington, now happily settled with the Browns, picks up a series of odd jobs to buy the perfect present for his Aunt Lucy, but it is stolen.
Title: First Man | Genres: history, drama | Overview: A look at the life of the astronaut, Neil Armstrong, and the legendary space mission that led him to become the first man to walk on the Moon on July 20, 1969.
Title: Step Up 2: The Streets | Genres: music, drama, romance | Overview: When rebellious street dancer Andie lands at the elite Maryland School of the Arts, she finds herself fighting to fit in while also trying to hold onto her old life. When she joins forces with the schools hottest dancer, Chase, to form a crew of classmate outcasts to compete in Baltimore s underground dance battle The Streets.
Title: The Transporter | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Former Special Forces officer, Frank Martin will deliver anything to anyone for the right price, and his no-questions-asked policy puts him in high demand. But when he realizes his latest cargo is alive, it sets in motion a dangerous chain of events. The bound and gagged Lai is being smuggled to France by a shady American businessman, and Frank works to save her as his own illegal activities are uncovered by a French detective.
Title: 13 Going on 30 | Genres: comedy, fantasy, romance | Overview: After total humiliation at her thirteenth birthday party, Jenna Rink wants to just hide until she's thirty. With a little magic, her wish is granted, but it turns out that being thirty isn't as always as awesome as she thought it would be!
"Title: Fantastic Four | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: During a space voyage, four scientists are altered by cosmic rays: Reed Richards gains the ability to stretch his body; Sue Storm can become invisible; Johnny Storm controls fire; and Ben Grimm is turned into a super-strong … thing. Together, these ""Fantastic Four"" must now thwart the evil plans of Dr. Doom and save the world from certain destruction."
Title: A Gruta | Genres: horror | Overview: The only one survivor of a mysterious murderer that killed his wife, friends and the tourism guide who leaded them through a interdicted grotto, a boy become the only suspect to make the crime. He, however, claim for his innocence saying that your wife killed those people as she was possessed by an evil force. Refusing to talk to police officers who are in charge for the crime investigation, he asks for help to a nun.
Title: Baby's Day Out | Genres: family, comedy, adventure, crime | Overview: Baby Bink couldn't ask for more; he has adoring (if somewhat sickly-sweet) parents, he lives in a huge mansion, and he's just about to appear in the social pages of the paper. Unfortunately, not everyone in the world is as nice as Baby Bink's parents; especially the three enterprising kidnapers who pretend to be photographers from the newspaper. Successfully kidnaping Baby Bink, they have a harder time keeping hold of the rascal, who not only keeps one step ahead of them, but seems to be more than a little bit smarter than the three bumbling criminals.
Title: An American Tail: Fievel Goes West | Genres: adventure, animation, family, western | Overview: Some time after the Mousekewitz's have settled in America, they find that they are still having problems with the threat of cats. That makes them eager to try another home out in the west, where they are promised that mice and cats live in peace. Unfortunately, the one making this claim is an oily con artist named Cat R. Waul who is intent on his own sinister plan.
Title: Friday the 13th Part III | Genres: horror | Overview: An idyllic summer turns into a nightmare of unspeakable terror for yet another group of naive counselors. Ignoring Camp Crystal Lake's bloody legacy, one by one they fall victim to the maniacal Jason who stalks them at every turn.
Title: The Peanuts Movie | Genres: adventure, comedy, animation, family | Overview: Snoopy embarks upon his greatest mission as he and his team take to the skies to pursue their arch-nemesis, while his best pal Charlie Brown begins his own epic quest.
Title: Click | Genres: comedy, drama, fantasy | Overview: A married workaholic, Michael Newman doesn't have time for his wife and children, not if he's to impress his ungrateful boss and earn a well-deserved promotion. So when he meets Morty, a loopy sales clerk, he gets the answer to his prayers: a magical remote that allows him to bypass life's little distractions with increasingly hysterical results.
Title: Teen Titans Go! To the Movies | Genres: animation, action, comedy, science fiction | Overview: All the major DC superheroes are starring in their own films, all but the Teen Titans, so Robin is determined to remedy this situation by getting over his role as a sidekick and becoming a movie star. Thus, with a few madcap ideas and an inspirational song in their hearts, the Teen Titans head to Hollywood to fulfill their dreams.
Title: Captain Underpants: The First Epic Movie | Genres: family, action, animation, comedy | Overview: Two mischievous kids hypnotize their mean elementary school principal and turn him into their comic book creation, the kind-hearted and elastic-banded Captain Underpants.
Title: Sand Castle | Genres: war, action, drama | Overview: Set during the occupation of Iraq, a squad of U.S. soldiers try to protect a small village.
Title: The Northman | Genres: action, adventure, drama | Overview: A young Viking prince embarks on a quest to avenge his father’s murder.
Title: Instant Family | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: When Pete and Ellie decide to start a family, they stumble into the world of foster care adoption. They hope to take in one small child but when they meet three siblings, including a rebellious 15 year old girl, they find themselves speeding from zero to three kids overnight.
Title: Killers | Genres: action, comedy, thriller, romance | Overview: When an elite assassin marries a beautiful computer whiz after a whirlwind romance, he gives up the gun and settles down with his new bride. That is, until he learns that someone from his past has put a contract out on his life.
Title: Bram Stoker's Dracula | Genres: romance, horror | Overview: When Dracula leaves the captive Jonathan Harker and Transylvania for London in search of Mina Harker, the reincarnation of Dracula's long-dead wife Elisabeta, obsessed vampire hunter Dr. Van Helsing sets out to end the madness.
Title: The Hills Have Eyes 2 | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A group of National Guard trainees find themselves battling against a vicious group of mutants on their last day of training in the desert.
Title: Peter Rabbit | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: Peter Rabbit's feud with Mr. McGregor escalates to greater heights than ever before as they rival for the affections of the warm-hearted animal lover who lives next door.
Title: Dr. Strange | Genres: tv movie, action, adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: A psychiatrist becomes the new Sorcerer Supreme of the Earth in order to battle an evil Sorceress from the past.
Title: Togo | Genres: adventure, family | Overview: The untold true story set in the winter of 1925 that takes you across the treacherous terrain of the Alaskan tundra for an exhilarating and uplifting adventure that will test the strength, courage and determination of one man, Leonhard Seppala, and his lead sled dog, Togo.
Title: The Truman Show | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Truman Burbank is the star of The Truman Show, a 24-hour-a-day reality TV show that broadcasts every aspect of his life without his knowledge. His entire life has been an unending soap opera for consumption by the rest of the world. And everyone he knows, including his wife and his best friend is really an actor, paid to be part of his life.
Title: The Edge of Seventeen | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Two high school girls are best friends until one dates the other's older brother, who is totally his sister's nemesis.
Title: Lamb | Genres: drama, mystery, fantasy, horror | Overview: An Icelandic couple live with their herd of sheep on a beautiful but remote farm. When they discover a mysterious newborn on their land, they decide to keep it and raise it as their own. This unexpected development and the prospects of a new family brings them much joy before ultimately destroying them.
Title: Underworld: Rise of the Lycans | Genres: fantasy, action, thriller | Overview: A prequel to the first two Underworld films, this fantasy explains the origins of the feud between the Vampires and the Lycans. Aided by his secret love, Sonja, courageous Lucian leads the Lycans in battle against brutal Vampire king Viktor. Determined to break the king's enslavement of his people, Lucian faces off against the Death Dealer army in a bid for Lycan independence.
Title: Only the Brave | Genres: drama, action, history | Overview: Members of the Granite Mountain Hotshots battle deadly wildfires to save an Arizona town.
Title: The Invisible Man | Genres: thriller, science fiction, horror | Overview: When Cecilia's abusive ex takes his own life and leaves her his fortune, she suspects his death was a hoax. As a series of coincidences turn lethal, Cecilia works to prove that she is being hunted by someone nobody can see.
"Title: RoboCop 2 | Genres: action, adventure, crime, science fiction, thriller | Overview: After a successful deployment of the Robocop Law Enforcement unit, OCP sees its goal of urban pacification come closer and closer, but as this develops, a new narcotic known as ""Nuke"" invades the streets led by God-delirious leader Cane. As this menace grows, it may prove to be too much for Murphy to handle. OCP tries to replicate the success of the first unit, but ends up with failed prototypes with suicidal issues... until Dr. Faxx, a scientist straying away from OCP's path, uses Cane as the new subject for the Robocop 2 project, a living God."
Title: Mission: Impossible III | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: Retired from active duty to train new IMF agents, Ethan Hunt is called back into action to confront sadistic arms dealer, Owen Davian. Hunt must try to protect his girlfriend while working with his new team to complete the mission.
Title: Stonehearst Asylum | Genres: thriller | Overview: A Harvard Medical School graduate takes a position at a mental institution and soon becomes obsessed with a female mental patient, but he has no idea of a recent and horrifying staffing change.
Title: Step Up Revolution | Genres: music, drama, romance | Overview: Emily arrives in Miami with aspirations to become a professional dancer. She sparks with Sean, the leader of a dance crew whose neighborhood is threatened by Emily's father's development plans.
Title: The Thing | Genres: horror, mystery, science fiction | Overview: Members of an American scientific research outpost in Antarctica find themselves battling a parasitic alien organism capable of perfectly imitating its victims. They soon discover that this task will be harder than they thought, as they don't know which members of the team have already been assimilated and their paranoia threatens to tear them apart.
Title: Over the Hedge | Genres: family, comedy, animation | Overview: A scheming raccoon fools a mismatched family of forest creatures into helping him repay a debt of food, by invading the new suburban sprawl that popped up while they were hibernating – and learns a lesson about family himself.
"Title: Robinson Crusoe | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: On a tiny exotic island, Tuesday, an outgoing parrot lives with his quirky animal friends in paradise. However, Tuesday can't stop dreaming about discovering the world. After a violent storm, Tuesday and his friends wake up to find a strange creature on the beach: Robinson Crusoe. Tuesday immediately views Crusoe as his ticket off the island to explore new lands. Likewise, Crusoe soon realizes that the key to surviving on the island is through the help of Tuesday and the other animals. It isn't always easy at first, as the animals don't speak ""human."" Slowly but surely, they all start living together in harmony, until one day, when their comfortable life is overturned by two savage cats, who wish to take control of the island. A battle ensues between the cats and the group of friends but Crusoe and the animals soon discover the true power of friendship up against all odds (even savage cats)."
Title: USS Indianapolis: Men of Courage | Genres: action, war | Overview: The harrowing true story of the crew of the USS Indianapolis, who were stranded in the Philippine Sea for five days after delivering the atomic weapons that would eventually end WWII. As they awaited rescue, they endured extreme thirst, hunger, and relentless shark attacks.
Title: Blue Streak | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: Miles Logan is a jewel thief who just hit the big time by stealing a huge diamond. However, after two years in jail, he comes to find out that he hid the diamond in a police building that was being built at the time of the robbery. In an attempt to regain his diamond, he poses as an LAPD detective.
Title: Vacancy | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A young married couple becomes stranded at an isolated motel and find hidden video cameras in their room. They realize that unless they escape, they'll be the next victims of a snuff film.
Title: Batman Unmasked: The Psychology of the Dark Knight | Genres: documentary | Overview: Delve into the world of Batman and the vigilante justice that he brought to the city of Gotham. Batman is a man who, after experiencing great tragedy, devotes his life to an ideal--but what happens when one man takes on the evil underworld alone? Examine why Batman is who he is--and explore how a boy scarred by tragedy becomes a symbol of hope to everyone else.
Title: xXx: State of the Union | Genres: action, adventure, crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: Darius Stone's criminal record and extreme sports obsession make him the perfect candidate to be the newest XXX agent. He must save the U.S. government from a deadly conspiracy led by five-star general and Secretary of Defense George Deckert.
Title: Professor Marston and the Wonder Women | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The unconventional life of Dr. William Marston, the Harvard psychologist and inventor who helped invent the modern lie detector test and created Wonder Woman in 1941.
Title: Coach Carter | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Based on a true story, in which Richmond High School head basketball coach Ken Carter made headlines in 1999 for benching his undefeated team due to poor academic results.
Title: Lady Bird | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Lady Bird McPherson, a strong willed, deeply opinionated, artistic 17 year old comes of age in Sacramento. Her relationship with her mother and her upbringing are questioned and tested as she plans to head off to college.
Title: The Wave | Genres: thriller | Overview: Although theorised, no one is really ready when a mountain pass above the scenic and narrow Geiranger fjord in Norway collapses and creates a tsunami over 300 feet high. A geologist is one of those caught in the middle of it.
Title: The Big Trip | Genres: animation, comedy, adventure, family | Overview: A goofy stork mistakenly delivers a baby panda to the wrong door. A bear, a moose, a tiger and a rabbit set on an arduous but fun-filled adventure through the wilderness to return the panda to its rightful home.
Title: Dark Skies | Genres: science fiction, thriller, horror | Overview: From the producers of Paranormal Activity, Insidious, and Sinister comes Dark Skies: a supernatural thriller that follows a young family living in the suburbs. As husband and wife Daniel and Lacey Barret witness an escalating series of disturbing events involving their family, their safe and peaceful home quickly unravels. When it becomes clear that the Barret family is being targeted by an unimaginably terrifying and deadly force, Daniel and Lacey take matters in their own hands to solve the mystery of what is after their family.
Title: Little Fockers | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: It has taken 10 years, two little Fockers with wife Pam and countless hurdles for Greg to finally get in with his tightly wound father-in-law, Jack. After the cash-strapped dad takes a job moonlighting for a drug company, Jack's suspicions about his favorite male nurse come roaring back. When Greg and Pam's entire clan descends for the twins' birthday party, Greg must prove to the skeptical Jack that he's fully capable as the man of the house.
Title: The Commuter | Genres: action, thriller, mystery | Overview: A businessman, on his daily commute home, gets unwittingly caught up in a criminal conspiracy that threatens not only his life but the lives of those around him.
Title: The Adventures of Tintin | Genres: adventure, animation, mystery | Overview: From Academy Award® winning filmmakers, Steven Spielberg and Peter Jackson, comes the epic adventures of Tintin. Racing to uncover the secrets of a sunken ship that may hold a vast fortune, but also an ancient curse, Tintin and his loyal dog Snowy embark on an action-packed journey around the world that critics are calling.
Title: GoldenEye | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: When a powerful Russian satellite weapon is hijacked by a mysterious crime syndicate, it's up to James Bond, with the help of programmer Natalya Simonova, to find the culprits and save the world from disaster.
Title: Charlie St. Cloud | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Accomplished sailor Charlie St. Cloud has the adoration of his mother Claire and his little brother Sam, as well as a college scholarship that will lead him far from his sleepy Pacific Northwest hometown. But his bright future is cut short when a tragedy strikes and takes his dreams with it. After his high-school classmate Tess returns home unexpectedly, Charlie grows torn between honoring a promise he made four years earlier and moving forward with newfound love. And as he finds the courage to let go of the past for good, Charlie discovers the soul most worth saving is his own.
Title: Clueless | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Shallow, rich and socially successful Cher is at the top of her Beverly Hills high school's pecking scale. Seeing herself as a matchmaker, Cher first coaxes two teachers into dating each other. Emboldened by her success, she decides to give hopelessly klutzy new student Tai a makeover. When Tai becomes more popular than she is, Cher realizes that her disapproving ex-stepbrother was right about how misguided she was -- and falls for him.
Title: The Bourne Identity | Genres: action, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Wounded to the brink of death and suffering from amnesia, Jason Bourne is rescued at sea by a fisherman. With nothing to go on but a Swiss bank account number, he starts to reconstruct his life, but finds that many people he encounters want him dead. However, Bourne realizes that he has the combat and mental skills of a world-class spy—but who does he work for?
Title: Die goldene Banane von Bad Porno | Genres: comedy | Overview: A producer of erotic / pornographic pictures would like very much to win the Golden Banana at the 13th Danish Festival of Pornographic Pictures. He tries to spy what the other studios are filming...
Title: Flushed Away | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: London high-society mouse, Roddy is flushed down the toilet by Sid, a common sewer rat. Hang on for a madcap adventure deep in the sewer bowels of Ratropolis, where Roddy meets the resourceful Rita, the rodent-hating Toad and his faithful thugs, Spike and Whitey.
Title: Horrible Bosses 2 | Genres: comedy | Overview: Dale, Kurt and Nick decide to start their own business but things don't go as planned because of a slick investor, prompting the trio to pull off a harebrained and misguided kidnapping scheme.
Title: The Fourth Kind | Genres: mystery, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Since the 1960s, a disproportionate number of the population in and around Nome, Alaska, have gone missing. Despite FBI investigations, the disappearances remain a mystery. Dr. Abigail Tyler, a psychologist, may be on the verge of blowing the unsolved cases wide open when, during the course of treating her patients, she finds evidence of alien abductions.
Title: The Last Letter From Your Lover | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A young journalist in London becomes obsessed with a series of letters she discovers that recounts an intense star-crossed love affair from the 1960s.
Title: The Hunt | Genres: action, thriller, horror | Overview: Twelve strangers wake up in a clearing. They don't know where they are—or how they got there. In the shadow of a dark internet conspiracy theory, ruthless elitists gather at a remote location to hunt humans for sport. But their master plan is about to be derailed when one of the hunted turns the tables on her pursuers.
Title: The Cover | Genres: comedy, romance, music | Overview: In Benidorm, a mecca for impersonators of live singers, Dani doesn't want to be just a cover. He will meet Sandra and discover authenticity, love and what it means not to be one more.
Title: Scars | Genres: drama | Overview: The story of a dysfunctional couple, whose problems will inevitably deteriorate their marriage and their son's life.
Title: Interview with the Vampire | Genres: horror, drama, fantasy | Overview: A vampire relates his epic life story of love, betrayal, loneliness, and dark hunger to an over-curious reporter.
Title: The Raven | Genres: crime, thriller, mystery | Overview: A fictionalized account of the last days of Edgar Allan Poe's life, in which the poet is in pursuit of a serial killer whose murders mirror those in the writer's stories.
Title: Batman vs. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles | Genres: animation, action, family | Overview: Batman, Batgirl and Robin forge an alliance with the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to fight against the Turtles' sworn enemy, The Shredder, who has apparently teamed up with Ra's Al Ghul and The League of Assassins.
Title: 90 Minutes in Heaven | Genres: drama | Overview: A man involved in a horrific car crash is pronounced dead, only to come back to life an hour and a half later, claiming to have seen Heaven.
Title: Run and Gun | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: After leaving a life of crime and violence, Ray is a reformed good guy, enjoying a quiet family life in the ‘burbs. But when his past is discovered, Ray is blackmailed into one last job to collect a mysterious package. After a deadly double-cross, he finds himself wounded and on the run from ruthless assassins who will stop at nothing to get what he has. Now, with the lives of his loved ones hanging in the balance and danger at every turn, Ray’s only hope is to draw upon his violent past to survive.
Title: The Hunchback of Notre Dame II | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: Now that Frollo is gone, Quasimodo rings the bell with the help of his new friend and Esmeralda's and Phoebus' little son, Zephyr. But when Quasi stops by a traveling circus owned by evil magician Sarousch, he falls for Madellaine, Sarouch's assistant.
Title: A Cinderella Story | Genres: comedy | Overview: Routinely exploited by her wicked stepmother, the downtrodden Samantha Montgomery is excited about the prospect of meeting her Internet beau at the school's Halloween dance.
Title: Hook | Genres: adventure, fantasy, comedy, family | Overview: The boy who wasn't supposed grow up—Peter Pan—does just that, becoming a soulless corporate lawyer whose workaholism could cost him his wife and kids. During his trip to see Granny Wendy in London, the vengeful Capt. Hook kidnaps Peter's kids and forces Peter to return to Neverland.
Title: Wizards of Waverly Place: The Movie | Genres: family, tv movie, adventure, comedy, drama, fantasy | Overview: Powerful magic cast by Alex spells trouble for the Russo's. The kids must go on an adventure to save their family and their existence.
Title: 12 Angry Men | Genres: drama | Overview: The defense and the prosecution have rested and the jury is filing into the jury room to decide if a young Spanish-American is guilty or innocent of murdering his father. What begins as an open and shut case soon becomes a mini-drama of each of the jurors' prejudices and preconceptions about the trial, the accused, and each other.
Title: Inkheart | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: The adventures of a father and his young daughter, in their search for a long lost book that will help reunite a missing, close relative.
Title: The Girl on the Mountain | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: When a reclusive backwoodsman finds a mute little girl wandering alone in the forest, he must protect her from the evil forces determined to end her life.
Title: Eden Lake | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Eden Lake is a relentlessly tense and immaculately paced horror-thriller about modern youth gone wild. When a young couple goes to a remote wooded lake for a romantic getaway, their quiet weekend is shattered by an aggressive group of local kids. Rowdiness quickly turns to rage as the teens terrorize the couple in unimaginable ways, and a weekend outing becomes a bloody battle for survival.
Title: Green Lantern: First Flight | Genres: action, adventure, animation, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Test pilot Hal Jordan finds himself recruited as the newest member of the intergalactic police force, The Green Lantern Corps.
Title: Identity Thief | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: When a mild-mannered businessman learns his identity has been stolen, he hits the road in an attempt to foil the thief -- a trip that puts him in the path of a deceptively harmless-looking woman.
Title: Ghost | Genres: fantasy, drama, thriller, mystery, romance | Overview: Sam Wheat is a banker, Molly Jensen is an artist, and the two are madly in love. However, when Sam is murdered by his friend and corrupt business partner Carl Bruner over a shady business deal, he is left to roam the earth as a powerless spirit. When he learns of Carl's betrayal, Sam must seek the help of psychic Oda Mae Brown to set things right and protect Molly from Carl and his goons.
Title: Run Hide Fight | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: A 17-year-old girl uses her wits, survival skills, and compassion to fight for her life, and those of her fellow classmates, against a group of live-streaming school shooters.
Title: 28 Weeks Later | Genres: horror, thriller, science fiction | Overview: The inhabitants of the British Isles have lost their battle against the onslaught of disease, as the deadly rage virus has killed every citizen there. Six months later, a group of Americans dare to set foot on the isles, convinced the danger has come and gone. But it soon becomes all too clear that the scourge continues to live, waiting to pounce on its next victims.
Title: The Prestige | Genres: drama, mystery, science fiction | Overview: A mysterious story of two magicians whose intense rivalry leads them on a life-long battle for supremacy -- full of obsession, deceit and jealousy with dangerous and deadly consequences.
Title: Midnight Sun | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Katie, a 17-year-old, has been sheltered since childhood and confined to her house during the day by a rare disease that makes even the smallest amount of sunlight deadly. Fate intervenes when she meets Charlie and they embark on a summer romance.
"Title: Gone in Sixty Seconds | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Upon learning that he has to come out of retirement to steal 50 cars in one night to save his brother Kip's life, former car thief Randall ""Memphis"" Raines enlists help from a few ""boost happy"" pals to accomplish a seemingly impossible feat. From countless car chases to relentless cops, the high-octane excitement builds as Randall swerves around more than a few roadblocks to keep Kip alive."
Title: Fallen | Genres: drama, fantasy, romance | Overview: Lucinda Price is sent to a reform academy under the assumption that she has killed a boy. There, she meets two mysterious boys, Cam and Daniel, to whom she feels drawn to both. But as the love triangle unfurls, it is Daniel that Luce cannot keep herself away from, and things begin to take a darker turn when she finds out his true identity.
Title: The Shape of Water | Genres: drama, fantasy, romance | Overview: An other-worldly story, set against the backdrop of Cold War era America circa 1962, where a mute janitor working at a lab falls in love with an amphibious man being held captive there and devises a plan to help him escape.
Title: Ben 10: Race Against Time | Genres: action, family, science fiction | Overview: Ben, Gwen, and Max must stop an extraterrestrial who plans to open a gateway that leads to an alien invasion.
Title: Daddy's Home 2 | Genres: comedy | Overview: Brad and Dusty must deal with their intrusive fathers during the holidays.
Title: The Babadook | Genres: drama, horror | Overview: A single mother, plagued by the violent death of her husband, battles with her son's fear of a monster lurking in the house, but soon discovers a sinister presence all around her.
Title: The One | Genres: action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A sheriff's deputy fights an alternate universe version of himself who grows stronger with each alternate self he kills.
Title: The Possession of Hannah Grace | Genres: horror, drama | Overview: When a cop who is just out of rehab takes the graveyard shift in a city hospital morgue, she faces a series of bizarre, violent events caused by an evil entity in one of the corpses.
Title: The Age of Adaline | Genres: romance, fantasy, drama | Overview: After 29-year-old Adaline recovers from a nearly lethal accident, she inexplicably stops growing older. As the years stretch on and on, Adaline keeps her secret to herself until she meets a man who changes her life.
Title: The Haunting of Margam Castle | Genres: horror | Overview: A team of American parapsychologists travel to Wales to conduct a study of Margam Castle, one of the UK's most haunted buildings.
Title: Thunderball | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: A criminal organization has obtained two nuclear bombs and are asking for a 100 million pound ransom in the form of diamonds in seven days or they will use the weapons. The secret service sends James Bond to the Bahamas to once again save the world.
Title: Wind River | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: An FBI agent teams with the town's veteran game tracker to investigate a murder that occurred on a Native American reservation.
Title: The Perfect Date | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: No beau? No problem! To earn money for college, a high schooler creates a dating app that lets him act as a stand-in boyfriend.
Title: Highlander | Genres: adventure, action, fantasy | Overview: He fought his first battle on the Scottish Highlands in 1536. He will fight his greatest battle on the streets of New York City in 1986. His name is Connor MacLeod. He is immortal.
"Title: Dumb and Dumber | Genres: comedy | Overview: Lloyd and Harry are two men whose stupidity is really indescribable. When Mary, a beautiful woman, loses an important suitcase with money before she leaves for Aspen, the two friends (who have found the suitcase) decide to return it to her. After some ""adventures"" they finally get to Aspen where, using the lost money they live it up and fight for Mary's heart."
Title: Bāhubali 2: The Conclusion | Genres: action, adventure, drama, fantasy | Overview: When Mahendra, the son of Bāhubali, learns about his heritage, he begins to look for answers. His story is juxtaposed with past events that unfolded in the Mahishmati Kingdom.
Title: Dirty Dancing | Genres: drama, music, romance | Overview: Expecting the usual tedium that accompanies a summer in the Catskills with her family, 17-year-old Frances 'Baby' Houseman is surprised to find herself stepping into the shoes of a professional hoofer—and unexpectedly falling in love.
"Title: Be Careful What You Wish For | Genres: horror | Overview: Pamela is an eight-year-old girl who loves horror movies and fairy tales. When his uncle gives her away a doll named ""Hellequin"" as a birthday gift, a tale of betrayal begins to unfold before her eyes."
Title: Dogwashers | Genres: comedy, drama, crime | Overview: When a narco past his prime refuses to pay a debt to an upstart, only a secret stash of money can save his men. But guess what the gardener just found?
Title: Anna | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: Beneath Anna Poliatova's striking beauty lies a secret that will unleash her indelible strength and skill to become one of the world's most feared government assassins.
Title: Mazinger Z: Infinity | Genres: action, science fiction, animation | Overview: When the evil Dr. Hell attacks the Earth, the mighty giant mecha Mazinger Z is formed to stop him.
Title: Never Back Down 2: The Beatdown | Genres: drama, action | Overview: Four fighters from different backgrounds come together to train under an ex MMA rising star and then ultimately have to fight each other and the traitor in their midst.
Title: Annie | Genres: comedy, drama, family | Overview: Annie is a young, happy foster kid who's also tough enough to make her way on the streets of New York in 2014. Originally left by her parents as a baby with the promise that they'd be back for her someday, it's been a hard knock life ever since with her mean foster mom Miss Hannigan. But everything's about to change when the hard-nosed tycoon and New York mayoral candidate Will Stacks—advised by his brilliant VP and his shrewd and scheming campaign advisor—makes a thinly-veiled campaign move and takes her in. Stacks believes he's her guardian angel, but Annie's self-assured nature and bright, sun-will-come-out-tomorrow outlook on life just might mean it's the other way around.
Title: Everything, Everything | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A teenager who's lived a sheltered life because she's allergic to everything, falls for the boy who moves in next door.
Title: Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising | Genres: comedy | Overview: A sorority moves in next door to the home of Mac and Kelly Radner who have a young child. The Radner's enlist their former nemeses from the fraternity to help battle the raucous sisters.
Title: Saint Seiya: The Heated Battle of the Gods | Genres: action, animation, fantasy | Overview: In Siberia, Hyōga saves a man that is being attacked. Injured, the man manages only to say something about Asgard. Some days later, Saori, Seiya, Shiryū and Shun are wondering about Hyōga and decide to go to Asgard to investigate. At Valhalla, the Lord of Asgard, Dolbar, says he has not heard of any Hyōga and neither has his right hand, Loki. However, at all times Seiya and the others can feel an evil cosmo emanating from Loki and the other Odin Saints called God Warriors. Shiryū, in particular, notices a familiar cosmo coming from Midgard, a mysterious, masked God Warrior. Dolbar makes it clear that he is trying to take control of both Asgard and the Sanctuary, imprisoning Athena in a strange dimension within the giant statue of Odin. Midgard reveals himself as Hyōga and tries to kill Shiryū to prove himself to Dolbar. Thus, it is the task of the Bronze Saints to defeat Dolbar, Loki and the rest of the God Warriors, to save Athena and Hyōga.
Title: Slender Man | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: In a small town in Massachusetts, four high school girls perform a ritual in an attempt to debunk the lore of Slender Man. When one of the girls goes mysteriously missing, they begin to suspect that she is, in fact, his latest victim.
Title: The Wall | Genres: war, thriller, drama | Overview: An American sniper and his spotter engage in a deadly cat-and-mouse game with an Iraqi sniper.
Title: Mainstream | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A young woman thinks she’s found a path to internet stardom when she starts making YouTube videos with a charismatic stranger – until the dark side of viral celebrity threatens to ruin them both.
Title: Last Days in the Desert | Genres: adventure, drama, history | Overview: On his way out of the wilderness, Jesus struggles with the Devil over the fate of a family in crisis, setting himself up for a dramatic test.
Title: A Question of Faith | Genres: drama | Overview: When Tragedy Strikes three Families, their Destiny forces them on a coverging path and mercy as the challenges of their fate could also resurrect their beliefs
Title: Look Away | Genres: horror, thriller, fantasy | Overview: A timid and socially alienated 17-year-old high school student's life is turned upside down when she switches places with her sinister mirror image.
Title: Mary Poppins Returns | Genres: fantasy, family, comedy | Overview: Mary Poppins returns to the Banks family and helps them evade grave dangers by taking them on magical, musical adventures.
Title: The Escort | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: Desperate for a good story, a sex-addicted journalist throws himself into the world of high-class escorts when he starts following a Stanford-educated prostitute.
Title: Hardcore Henry | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Henry, a newly resurrected cyborg who must save his wife/creator from the clutches of a psychotic tyrant with telekinetic powers, AKAN, and his army of mercenaries. Fighting alongside Henry is Jimmy, who is Henry's only hope to make it through the day. Hardcore Henry takes place over the course of one day, in Moscow, Russia.
Title: Showdown in Little Tokyo | Genres: action | Overview: An American with a Japanese upbringing, Chris Kenner is a police officer assigned to the Little Tokyo section of Los Angeles. Kenner is partnered with Johnny Murata, a Japanese-American who isn't in touch with his roots. Despite their differences, both men excel at martial arts, and utilize their formidable skills when they go up against Yoshida, a vicious yakuza drug dealer with ties to Kenner's past.
Title: Welcome to the Jungle | Genres: comedy | Overview: A company retreat on a tropical island goes terribly awry.
Title: Max Steel | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: The adventures of teenager Max McGrath and alien companion Steel, who must harness and combine their tremendous new powers to evolve into the turbo-charged superhero Max Steel.
Title: Dragon Ball Z Side Story: Plan to Eradicate the Saiyans | Genres: action, adventure, animation | Overview: Dr. Raichi is one of the only survivors of the Tuffles, a race that once lived on Planet Plant before the coming of the Saiyans. The Saiyans not only massacred the entire Tuffle race, but also stole their technology and conquered the planet, renaming it Planet Vegeta in honor of their king. Raichi managed to escape with a capsule and found refuge on the Dark Planet, a world at the end of the universe. His only wish is to eradicate the last remaining Saiyans.
Title: Last Action Hero | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action, comedy, family | Overview: Danny is obsessed with a fictional movie character action hero Jack Slater. When a magical ticket transports him into Jack's latest adventure, Danny finds himself in a world where movie magic and reality collide. Now it's up to Danny to save the life of his hero and new friend.
Title: You Only Live Twice | Genres: action, thriller, adventure | Overview: A mysterious spacecraft captures Russian and American space capsules and brings the two superpowers to the brink of war. James Bond investigates the case in Japan and comes face to face with his archenemy Blofeld.
Title: Locked Down | Genres: comedy, crime, drama | Overview: During a COVID-19 lockdown, sparring couple Linda and Paxton call a truce to attempt a high-risk jewellery heist at one of the world's most exclusive department stores, Harrods.
Title: X-Men: The Mutant Watch | Genres: documentary | Overview: While Senator Kelly addresses a senate committee about the supposed mutant menace, we learn about the making of the movie, X-Men.
Title: The Cat Returns | Genres: adventure, fantasy, animation, drama, family | Overview: Young Haru rescues a cat from being run over, but soon learns it's no ordinary feline; it happens to be the Prince of the Cats.
Title: The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen | Genres: fantasy, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: To prevent a world war from breaking out, famous characters from Victorian literature band together to do battle against a cunning villain.
Title: Nomadland | Genres: drama | Overview: A woman in her sixties embarks on a journey through the western United States after losing everything in the Great Recession, living as a van-dwelling modern-day nomad.
Title: Dragon Ball: Plan to Eradicate the Super Saiyans | Genres: action, animation, adventure | Overview: Dr. Raichi is one of the only survivors of the Tuffles, a race that once lived on Planet Plant before the coming of the Saiyans. The Saiyans not only massacred the entire Tuffle race, but also stole their technology and conquered the planet, renaming it Planet Vegeta in honor of their king. Raichi managed to escape with a capsule and found refuge on the Dark Planet, a world at the end of the universe. His only wish is to eradicate the last remaining Saiyans.
Title: Gifted Hands: The Ben Carson Story | Genres: drama | Overview: Gifted Hands: The Ben Carson Story is a movie based on the life story of world-renowned neurosurgeon Ben Carson from 1961 to 1987.
Title: The Scorpion King | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: In ancient Egypt, peasant Mathayus is hired to exact revenge on the powerful Memnon and the sorceress Cassandra, who are ready to overtake Balthazar's village. Amid betrayals, thieves, abductions and more, Mathayus strives to bring justice to his complicated world.
Title: Madly Madagascar | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Your favorite Madagascar pals are back in an all-new adventure! Alex's favorite holiday, Valentine's Day, brings hilarious surprises and excitement for the entire gang. Melman plans a big surprise for Gloria, Marty tries to impress a new friend and everyone wants to get their hands on King Julien's love potion. You'll fall in LOVE with Madly Madagascar!
Title: Burn | Genres: thriller | Overview: Lonely, unstable gas station attendant Melinda is tired of being overshadowed by her more confident, outgoing co-worker Sheila. When the gas station is held up at gunpoint by Billy, a desperate man in need of quick cash, Melinda finds an opportunity to make a connection with the robber, regardless of who gets hurt.
Title: Catwoman | Genres: action, fantasy, mystery, crime | Overview: A shy woman, endowed with the speed, reflexes, and senses of a cat, walks a thin line between criminal and hero, even as a detective doggedly pursues her, fascinated by both of her personas
Title: Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull | Genres: adventure, action | Overview: Set during the Cold War, the Soviets—led by sword-wielding Irina Spalko—are in search of a crystal skull which has supernatural powers related to a mystical Lost City of Gold. Indy is coerced to head to Peru at the behest of a young man whose friend—and Indy's colleague—Professor Oxley has been captured for his knowledge of the skull's whereabouts.
Title: The Orphanage | Genres: horror, drama, thriller | Overview: A woman brings her family back to her childhood home, which used to be an orphanage, intent on reopening it. Before long, her son starts to communicate with a new invisible friend.
Title: Big Fish & Begonia | Genres: animation, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Beyond the human realm, there is a magical race of beings who control the tides and the changing of the seasons. One of these beings, a young girl named Chun, seeks something more—she wants to experience the human world! At sixteen, she finally gets her chance and transforms into a dolphin in order to explore the world that has her fascinated. But she soon discovers that it’s a dangerous place and nearly gets killed in a vortex. Luckily, her life is spared when a young boy sacrifices himself to save her. Moved by his kindness and courage, she uses magic to bring him back to life only to learn that this power comes at a serious price. On a new adventure, she’ll have to make her own sacrifices in order to protect his soul until it is ready to return to the human world.
Title: Love Don't Co$t a Thing | Genres: comedy, drama, family, romance | Overview: High school loser (Cannon) pays a cheerleader (Milian) to pose as his girlfriend so he can be considered cool. Remake of 1987's Can't Buy Me Love, starring Patrick Dempsey.
Title: The Man from U.N.C.L.E. | Genres: comedy, action, adventure | Overview: At the height of the Cold War, a mysterious criminal organization plans to use nuclear weapons and technology to upset the fragile balance of power between the United States and Soviet Union. CIA agent Napoleon Solo and KGB agent Illya Kuryakin are forced to put aside their hostilities and work together to stop the evildoers in their tracks. The duo's only lead is the daughter of a missing German scientist, whom they must find soon to prevent a global catastrophe.
Title: Back to the Future Part II | Genres: adventure, comedy, family, science fiction | Overview: Marty and Doc are at it again in this wacky sequel to the 1985 blockbuster as the time-traveling duo head to 2015 to nip some McFly family woes in the bud. But things go awry thanks to bully Biff Tannen and a pesky sports almanac. In a last-ditch attempt to set things straight, Marty finds himself bound for 1955 and face to face with his teenage parents -- again.
Title: The Bourne Supremacy | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: When a CIA operation to purchase classified Russian documents is blown by a rival agent, who then shows up in the sleepy seaside village where Bourne and Marie have been living. The pair run for their lives and Bourne, who promised retaliation should anyone from his former life attempt contact, is forced to once again take up his life as a trained assassin to survive.
Title: Kidnap | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A mother (in her Minivan) stops at nothing to recover her kidnapped son.
"Title: xXx | Genres: action, adventure, thriller | Overview: Xander Cage is your standard adrenaline junkie with no fear and a lousy attitude. When the US Government ""recruits"" him to go on a mission, he's not exactly thrilled. His mission: to gather information on an organization that may just be planning the destruction of the world, led by the nihilistic Yorgi."
Title: Heks | Genres: horror, drama | Overview: A grieving British girl unravels her murdered mother's secrets connected to a South African witch doctor's curse. She wants to put an end to this haunting hex by traveling to South Africa, but instead it casts her deeper into sinister depths.
Title: Once Upon a Time in the West | Genres: drama, western | Overview: As the railroad builders advance unstoppably through the Arizona desert on their way to the sea, Jill arrives in the small town of Flagstone with the intention of starting a new life.
Title: Brightburn | Genres: horror, thriller, science fiction | Overview: What if a child from another world crash-landed on Earth, but instead of becoming a hero to mankind, he proved to be something far more sinister?
Title: Cowboy Bebop: The Movie | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: The year is 2071. Following a terrorist bombing, a deadly virus is released on the populace of Mars and the government has issued the largest bounty in history, for the capture of whoever is behind it. The bounty hunter crew of the spaceship Bebop; Spike, Faye, Jet and Ed, take the case with hopes of cashing in the bounty. However, the mystery surrounding the man responsible, Vincent, goes deeper than they ever imagined, and they aren't the only ones hunting him.
Title: DC League of Super-Pets | Genres: action, animation, comedy, family | Overview: When Superman and the rest of the Justice League are kidnapped, Krypto the Super-Dog must convince a rag-tag shelter pack - Ace the hound, PB the potbellied pig, Merton the turtle and Chip the squirrel - to master their own newfound powers and help him rescue the superheroes.
Title: Cleopatra | Genres: drama, history, romance | Overview: Determined to hold on to the throne, Cleopatra seduces the Roman emperor Julius Caesar. When Caesar is murdered, she redirects her attentions to his general, Marc Antony, who vows to take power—but Caesar’s successor has other plans.
"Title: A Cure for Wellness | Genres: horror, mystery, science fiction, thriller | Overview: An ambitious young executive is sent to retrieve his company's CEO from an idyllic but mysterious ""wellness center"" at a remote location in the Swiss Alps but soon suspects that the spa's miraculous treatments are not what they seem."
"Title: Mojin: The Lost Legend | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: At the beginning of the 1990s, famous tomb explorer Hu Bayi decided to retire and move to the United States with his girlfriend Shirley. But before his wedding, Bayi discovers his first love Ding Shitian, who supposedly had died in the ""One Hundred Cave"" 20 years ago, is actually still alive. Together with Shirley and his old exploration partner, Bayi unravels a terrible millennium-old secret..."
Title: South Park: Post COVID: The Return of COVID | Genres: animation, comedy, tv movie | Overview: If Stan, Kyle and Cartman could just work together, they could go back in time to make sure Covid never happened. But traveling back to the past seems to be the easy answer until they meet Victor Chaos.
Title: Monster Family | Genres: animation, family, fantasy, comedy | Overview: The Wishbone family are far from happy. In an attempt to reconnect as a family, they plan a fun night out. However, the plan backfires when they are cursed and all turned into Monsters.
Title: Don't Kill Me | Genres: horror, romance, drama | Overview: After Mirta dies of a drug overdose with her lover, she resuscitates alone and discovers she's part of a violent world she never knew existed.
Title: Reaching Distance | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Logan, a cynic with a photographic memory, follows his sister's killer onto a night-rider bus. As the line between past and present begins to blur on the journey, Logan uncovers he has a complex past with much more than one passenger.
Title: Date Movie | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Spoof of romantic comedies which focuses on a man, his crush, his parents, and her father.
Title: The Last Full Measure | Genres: war, drama | Overview: The incredible true story of Vietnam War hero William H. Pitsenbarger, a U.S. Air Force Pararescuemen medic who personally saved over sixty men. Thirty-two years later, Pentagon staffer Scott Huffman investigates a Congressional Medal of Honor request for Pitsenbarger and uncovers a high-level conspiracy behind the decades-long denial of the medal, prompting Huffman to put his own career on the line to seek justice for the fallen airman.
Title: Police Story 3: Super Cop | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: A Hong Kong detective teams up with his female Red Chinese counterpart to stop a Chinese drug czar.
Title: Pinocchio | Genres: fantasy, adventure, drama | Overview: In this live-action adaptation of the beloved fairytale, old woodcarver Geppetto fashions a wooden puppet, Pinocchio, who magically comes to life. Pinocchio longs for adventure and is easily led astray, encountering magical beasts, fantastical spectacles, while making friends and foes along his journey. However, his dream is to become a real boy, which can only come true if he finally changes his ways.
Title: Z-O-M-B-I-E-S | Genres: comedy, romance, tv movie, fantasy, music | Overview: Two star-crossed freshmen – a zombie, Zed and a cheerleader, Addison – each outsiders in their unique ways, befriend each other and work together to show their high school and the Seabrook community what they can achieve when they embrace their differences.
Title: Kingdom: Ashin of the North | Genres: drama, fantasy, thriller | Overview: Tragedy, betrayal and a mysterious discovery fuel a woman's vengeance for the loss of her tribe and family.
Title: The Secret Life of Walter Mitty | Genres: adventure, comedy, drama, fantasy | Overview: A timid magazine photo manager who lives life vicariously through daydreams embarks on a true-life adventure when a negative goes missing.
Title: The Karate Kid Part II | Genres: adventure, drama, action, romance, family | Overview: After discovering that his father is at death's door, Mr. Miyagi sets out to Japan, to see him with Daniel. Upon arriving, Miyagi must confront an old rival. Meanwhile, Daniel encounters a new love, and some new enemies.
"Title: I've Always Liked You | Genres: animation, drama, romance | Overview: Love is blooming at Sakuragaoka High School. Natsuki Enomoto has finally mustered the courage to confess to her childhood friend, Yuu Setoguchi. However, in the final moments of her confession, an embarrassed Natsuki passes it off as a ""practice confession."" Oblivious to her true feelings and struggling with his own, Yuu promises to support Natsuki in her quest for love. While Natsuki deals with her failed confession, fellow classmate Koyuki Ayase struggles with his own feelings for Natsuki. Despite his timidness, he is determined to win over her heart. This movie follows Natsuki as she dreams of one day ending her practices and genuinely confessing to Yuu. Meanwhile, close friends also find themselves entangled in their own webs of unrequited love and unspoken affections."
Title: Moana | Genres: adventure, comedy, family, animation | Overview: In Ancient Polynesia, when a terrible curse incurred by Maui reaches an impetuous Chieftain's daughter's island, she answers the Ocean's call to seek out the demigod to set things right.
Title: Last Looks | Genres: action, crime, thriller, mystery | Overview: A disgraced ex-cop seeks solace by moving to the woods, but his quiet life comes to an end when a private eye recruits him to investigate the murder of an eccentric TV star's wife.
Title: Escape Plan | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Ray Breslin is the world's foremost authority on structural security. After analyzing every high security prison and learning a vast array of survival skills so he can design escape-proof prisons, his skills are put to the test. He's framed and incarcerated in a master prison he designed himself. He needs to escape and find the person who put him behind bars.
Title: Marriage Story | Genres: drama | Overview: A stage director and an actress struggle through a grueling, coast-to-coast divorce that pushes them to their personal extremes.
Title: The Perks of Being a Wallflower | Genres: drama | Overview: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, 1991. High school freshman Charlie is a wallflower, always watching life from the sidelines, until two senior students, Sam and her stepbrother Patrick, become his mentors, helping him discover the joys of friendship, music and love.
Title: One Piece: Curse of the Sacred Sword | Genres: animation, adventure, action | Overview: The Straw Hat Pirates landed at Asuka Island, home of the most valuable sword in the world: The Seven Star Sword. Which was said to curse anyone who takes it in possession. When they got back to the Going Merry, they discovered that Zoro is missing from his guard duty. Before they could plan out a search party to relocate him. Luffy and friends escape from the port as Marines were on their tail. They found a new place to dock, which is near a village. Whose job is to keep the Seven Star Sword sealed. Soon it was attacked by the Marines, and among them is Zoro. Luffy and the others don't know why he's helping out the Marines. But it all comes to conclusion when Luffy encounters Saga: Zoro's childhood friend from Swordsman training.
Title: Pride and Prejudice and Zombies | Genres: romance, horror, comedy, thriller | Overview: A zombie outbreak has fallen upon the land in this reimagining of Jane Austen's classic tale of the tangled relationships between lovers from different social classes in 19th century England. Feisty heroine Elizabeth Bennet is a master of martial arts and weaponry and the handsome Mr. Darcy is a fierce zombie killer, yet the epitome of upper class prejudice. As the zombie outbreak intensifies, they must swallow their pride and join forces on the blood-soaked battlefield in order to conquer the undead once and for all.
Title: Kuroko no Basket Movie 1: Winter Cup Soushuuhen - Kage to Hikari | Genres: animation | Overview: First of three compilation films of Kuroko no Basket.
Title: Oblivion | Genres: action, science fiction, adventure, mystery | Overview: Jack Harper is one of the last few drone repairmen stationed on Earth. Part of a massive operation to extract vital resources after decades of war with a terrifying threat known as the Scavs, Jack’s mission is nearly complete. His existence is brought crashing down when he rescues a beautiful stranger from a downed spacecraft. Her arrival triggers a chain of events that forces him to question everything he knows and puts the fate of humanity in his hands.
"Title: HK: Forbidden Super Hero | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: High school student Kyosuke Shikijo is the most talented member of the school's martial arts of the fist club. His late father was detective and Kyosuke share his father's strong sense of justice. Kyosuke also has a secret. Kyosuke likes to wear female underwear and transforms himself into the alter ego ""Hentai Kamen,"" wearing female underwear and gaining superhuman powers. This unusual interest also comes from his parents, with his father a masochist and his mother a sadist. By chance, Kyosuke gets the underwear of female high school student Aiko Himeno. With her underwear, he gains various pervert techniques and attempts to protect Aiko from a dirty and heinous teacher."
Title: Nothing to Lose - Part 2 | Genres: drama | Overview: Second part of the biopic of the religious leader Edir Macedo.
"Title: I Love You, Man | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Peter Klaven is a successful real estate agent who, upon getting engaged to the woman of his dreams, Zooey, discovers, to his dismay and chagrin, that he has no male friend close enough to serve as his Best Man. Peter immediately sets out to rectify the situation, embarking on a series of bizarre and awkward ""man-dates."""
Title: Bulbbul | Genres: horror, fantasy | Overview: A child bride grows up to be an enigmatic woman presiding over her household, harboring a painful past as supernatural murders of men plague her village.
Title: Schumacher | Genres: documentary | Overview: Through exclusive interviews and archival footage, this documentary traces an intimate portrait of seven-time Formula 1 champion Michael Schumacher.
Title: The Scorpion King: Book of Souls | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: The Scorpion King teams up with a female warrior named Tala, who is the sister of The Nubian King. Together they search for a legendary relic known as The Book of Souls, which will allow them to put an end to an evil warlord.
Title: Museum | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: In Tokyo, Japan, several grotesque murders take place on rainy days. Detective Sawamura, who is in charge of the case, soon discovers that his own family is connected to the crimes.
Title: Black Swan | Genres: drama, thriller, horror | Overview: A journey through the psyche of a young ballerina whose starring role as the duplicitous swan queen turns out to be a part for which she becomes frighteningly perfect.
Title: Star Wars: The Clone Wars | Genres: animation, action, science fiction, adventure | Overview: Set between Episode II and III, The Clone Wars is the first computer animated Star Wars film. Anakin and Obi Wan must find out who kidnapped Jabba the Hutt's son and return him safely. The Seperatists will try anything to stop them and ruin any chance of a diplomatic agreement between the Hutts and the Republic.
Title: Tarzan II | Genres: adventure, animation, family | Overview: Experience the beginning of the legend with Disney's Tarzan Ⅱ, a hilarious, all-new, animated motion picture loaded with laughs, irresistible new songs by Phil Collins, and the inspired voice talent of Glenn Close, George Carlin, and Emmy Award winner Brad Garrett. Before he was King of the Jungle, Tarzan was an awkward young kid just trying to fit in. When one of his missteps puts his family in jeopardy, Tarzan decides they would be better off without him. His thrilling new journey brings him face to face with the mysterious Zugor, the most powerful force in the land. Together, Tarzan and Zugor discover that being different is not a weakness and that friends and family are the greatest strength of all. This action-packed adventure is sure to delight the entire family. Get ready to GO APE over Disney's wild, new Tarzan Ⅱ.
Title: Love Lesson | Genres: romance, drama, comedy | Overview: Korea's most popular song writer Hee-soo (Kim Seon-yeong) runs into a nineteen-year-old boy in the elevator. Hee-soo is inspired by a new song watching him shake at her figure. She starts to tell him about women under the excuse that she's teaching him music. They fall for each other but things get complicated when her life teacher, Joon-ho who taught her about life and music comes back...
Title: Mercenaries | Genres: action | Overview: A diplomatic official is captured and imprisoned while touring a war zone, so a team of elite female commandos is assembled to infiltrate a women's prison for a daring rescue.
Title: All My Life | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: It was a chance meeting started by one of Sol’s friends trying to chat up Jennifer. However, in the end, it was those two who hit it off. Sol enjoyed Jen’s smile, her effort, and how silly she could be. Jen enjoyed Sol’s cooking, his athleticism, and that he would join her in fun moments. As you can imagine, love bloomed, and things got serious. Jen’s investment in Sol led to her pushing him to follow his dreams and even move in to save money. Sol’s investment in Jen well, it led to him proposing. But what started as a liver tumor grew into full-on cancer, so with a diagnosis of 6 months to live, Sol and Jennifer try to make the best of it.
Title: The Devil All the Time | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: In Knockemstiff, Ohio and its neighboring backwoods, sinister characters converge around young Arvin Russell as he fights the evil forces that threaten him and his family.
Title: A-X-L | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure, family | Overview: The life of a teenage boy is forever altered by a chance encounter with cutting edge military technology.
Title: The Vow | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Happy young married couple Paige and Leo are, well, happy. Then a car accident puts Paige into a life-threatening coma. Upon awakening she has lost the previous five years of memories, including those of her beloved Leo, her wedding, a confusing relationship with her parents, or the ending of her relationship with her ex-fiance. Despite these complications, Leo endeavors to win her heart again and rebuild their marriage.
Title: Coming to America | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: An African prince decides it’s time for him to find a princess... and his mission leads him and his most loyal friend to Queens, New York. In disguise as an impoverished immigrant, the pampered prince quickly finds himself a new job, new friends, new digs, new enemies and lots of trouble.
Title: Conan the Barbarian | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: A film adaptation of the classic sword and sorcery hero, Conan the Barbarian. A horde of rampaging warriors massacre the parents of young Conan and enslave the young child for years on The Wheel of Pain. As the sole survivor of the childhood massacre, Conan is released from slavery and taught the ancient arts of fighting. Transforming himself into a killing machine, Conan travels into the wilderness to seek vengeance on Thulsa Doom, the man responsible for killing his family. In the wilderness, Conan takes up with the thieves Valeria and Subotai. The group comes upon King Osric, who wants the trio of warriors to help rescue his daughter who has joined Doom in the hills.
Title: The Accountant | Genres: crime, thriller, drama | Overview: As a math savant uncooks the books for a new client, the Treasury Department closes in on his activities and the body count starts to rise.
"Title: After Porn Ends | Genres: documentary | Overview: Documentary examining what happens to some of the biggest names in the history of the adult entertainment industry after they leave the business and try and live ""normal"" lives."
Title: The Peacemaker | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: When a train carrying atomic warheads mysteriously crashes in the former Soviet Union, a nuclear specialist discovers the accident is really part of a plot to cover up the theft of the weapons. Assigned to help her recover the missing bombs is a crack Special Forces Colonel.
Title: Horrible Bosses | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: For Nick, Kurt and Dale, the only thing that would make the daily grind more tolerable would be to grind their intolerable bosses into dust. Quitting is not an option, so, with the benefit of a few-too-many drinks and some dubious advice from a hustling ex-con, the three friends devise a convoluted and seemingly foolproof plan to rid themselves of their respective employers... permanently.
Title: Mowgli: Legend of the Jungle | Genres: adventure, drama | Overview: A human child raised by wolves, must face off against a menacing tiger named Shere Khan, as well as his own origins.
Title: Unbreakable | Genres: thriller, drama, mystery | Overview: An ordinary man makes an extraordinary discovery when a train accident leaves his fellow passengers dead — and him unscathed. The answer to this mystery could lie with the mysterious Elijah Price, a man who suffers from a disease that renders his bones as fragile as glass.
Title: The Theory of Everything | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The Theory of Everything is the extraordinary story of one of the world’s greatest living minds, the renowned astrophysicist Stephen Hawking, who falls deeply in love with fellow Cambridge student Jane Wilde.
"Title: My Little Pony: Equestria Girls - Rainbow Rocks | Genres: family, animation, music | Overview: Music rules and rainbows rock as Twilight Sparkle and pals compete for the top spot in the Canterlot High ""Mane Event"" talent show. The girls must rock their way to the top, and outshine rival Adagio Dazzle and her band The Dazzlings, to restore harmony back to Canterlot High."
"Title: Lady and the Tramp II: Scamp's Adventure | Genres: family, animation, romance, adventure | Overview: Lady and Tramp's mischievous pup, Scamp, gets fed up with rules and restrictions imposed on him by life in a family, and longs for a wild and free lifestyle. He runs away from home and into the streets where he joins a pack of stray dogs known as the ""Junkyard Dogs."" Buster, the pack's leader, takes an instant disliking to the ""house-dog"" and considers him a rival. Angel, a junkyard pup Scamp's age, longs for the safety and comfort of life in a family and the two become instant companions. Will Scamp choose the wild and free life of a stray or the unconditional love of his family?"
Title: Curious George | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: When The Man in the Yellow Hat befriends Curious George in the jungle, they set off on a non-stop, fun-filled journey through the wonders of the big city toward the warmth of true friendship.
Title: A Thousand Words | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Jack McCall is a fast-talking literary agent, who can close any deal, any time, any way. He has set his sights on New Age guru Dr. Sinja for his own selfish purposes. But Dr. Sinja is on to him, and Jack’s life comes unglued after a magical Bodhi tree mysteriously appears in his backyard. With every word Jack speaks, a leaf falls from the tree and he realizes that when the last leaf falls, both he and the tree are toast. Words have never failed Jack McCall, but now he’s got to stop talking and conjure up some outrageous ways to communicate or he’s a goner.
"Title: Spider-Man 2: Making the Amazing | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, documentary | Overview: A comprehensive 12-part documentary on the making of ""Spider-Man 2,"" covering everything from pre-production to premiere."
Title: Crazy Romance | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Jae-hoon recently breaks up with his girlfriend and he still cannot give her up. Whenever he gets drunk, it has become a daily routine to call her and act out of drunkenness. On the other hand, Sun-young also decides to break up with his boyfriend. But she holds a grudge against him. For them, it seems that the beginning and the end of a love affair are both difficult. Can they overcome from the previous romance and start the new one?
Title: You Get Me | Genres: thriller, romance, drama | Overview: After arguing with his girlfriend, Ali, Tyler lands in the arms of sexy new girl, Holly. The next morning, he finds that not only does Ali agree to take him back, but Holly is a new student at their school and is dead set on her new man.
Title: App | Genres: thriller | Overview: A young psychology student is drawn into the dark and fearful world of a diabolic and mysterious App that starts to terrorize her, distributing compromising photographs, videos and text messages about herself and delves deeper and deeper into her personal life, flawlessly exposing all of her deepest secrets.
Title: Sherlock: The Abominable Bride | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, tv movie | Overview: Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson find themselves in 1890s London in this holiday special.
Title: Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa | Genres: comedy | Overview: 86-year-old Irving Zisman is on a journey across America with the most unlikely companion: his 8 year-old grandson, Billy.
"Title: Blame! | Genres: action, drama, science fiction, animation | Overview: In the distant technological future, civilization has reached its ultimate Net-based form. An ""infection"" in the past caused the automated systems to spiral out of order, resulting in a multi-leveled city structure that replicates itself infinitely in all directions. Now humanity has lost access to the city's controls, and is hunted down and purged by the defense system known as the Safeguard. In a tiny corner of the city, a little enclave known as the Electro-Fishers is facing eventual extinction, trapped between the threat of the Safeguard and dwindling food supplies. A girl named Zuru goes on a journey to find food for her village, only to inadvertently cause doom when an observation tower senses her and summons a Safeguard pack to eliminate the threat. With her companions dead and all escape routes blocked, the only thing that can save her now is the sudden arrival of Killy the Wanderer, on his quest for the Net Terminal Genes, the key to restoring order to the world."
Title: Justice League: The New Frontier | Genres: action, adventure, animation, science fiction, family | Overview: The human race is threatened by a powerful creature, and only the combined power of Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, Martian Manhunter and The Flash can stop it. But can they overcome their differences to thwart this enemy using the combined strength of their newly formed Justice League?
Title: Jason and the Argonauts | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: Jason, a fearless sailor and explorer, returns to his home land of Thessaly after a long voyage to claim his rightful throne. He learns, however, that he must first find the magical Golden Fleece. To do so, he must embark on an epic quest fraught with fantastic monsters and terrible perils.
Title: The American | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Dispatched to a small Italian town to await further orders, assassin Jack embarks on a double life that may be more relaxing than is good for him.
Title: [REC]² | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: The action continues from [REC], with the medical officer and a SWAT team outfitted with video cameras are sent into the sealed off apartment to control the situation.
Title: Monster Hunt | Genres: comedy, fantasy, adventure | Overview: Young monster kids try to make peace between the world of humans and the world of the monsters.
Title: College | Genres: comedy | Overview: A wild weekend is in store for three high school seniors who visit a local college campus as prospective freshmen.
Title: Scooby-Doo! Camp Scare | Genres: animation, comedy, family, mystery | Overview: Scooby and the gang experience outdoor fun as they go back to Fred's old summer camp.
Title: Ghostland | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: A mother of two inherits a home from her aunt. On the first night in the new home she is confronted with murderous intruders and fights for her daughters’ lives. Sixteen years later the daughters reunite at the house, and that is when things get strange . . .
Title: Private Valentine: Blonde & Dangerous | Genres: comedy | Overview: When fluffy, bubble gum movie star Megan Valentine suddenly finds herself broke and humiliated in the public eye, she wanders from the wreckage of a car accident and witlessly enlists in the U.S. Army hoping in vain that it will change her life.
Title: A Perfect Fit | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: Sparks fly when a fashion blogger in Bali meets a gifted shoemaker, leading her to question her commitment to her fiancé.
Title: Lovelace | Genres: drama | Overview: Story of Linda Lovelace, who is used and abused by the porn industry at the behest of her coercive husband, before taking control of her life.
Title: Blue Spring Ride | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: When she was a middle school student, Futaba Yoshioka liked Kou Tanaka who was unlike the other boys and quite gentle. Kou Tanaka then moved away and they lost contact. At the end of Futaba Yoshioka's first year as a high school student she meets Kou Tanaka again. Kou Tanaka’s name has changed to Kou Mabuchi and his personality seems different from his middle school days.
Title: Lolita | Genres: crime, drama, romance | Overview: Humbert Humbert is a middle-aged British novelist who is both appalled by and attracted to the vulgarity of American culture. When he comes to stay at the boarding house run by Charlotte Haze, he soon becomes obsessed with Lolita, the woman's teenaged daughter.
Title: Blood Money | Genres: drama, action, thriller | Overview: In South Africa, a young man living with his wife becomes embroiled in an illegal diamond business and with time finds his life changing.
"Title: Doraemon: Nobita and the New Steel Troops: ~Winged Angels~ | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: The title character, Nobita, is upset because he cannot get a large RC toy to show off to a rich boy, Suneo. His fit makes Doraemon angry, and with the hot Japanese summer, he decides to ""cool off"" at the North Pole with the Anywhere Door, a mysterious portal. Nobita follows him there after he's gone for a long time, and discovers a strange bowling ball-like orb which starts blinking with a pulsating light, and summons what looks like a giant robot´s foot. After sledding down the hill on it and having it crash into his room through the Anywhere Door, the bowling ball follows him home through the door and another robot piece falls into his backyard."
Title: Curve | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A young woman becomes trapped in her car after a hitchhiker causes her to have an automobile accident.
Title: Sweat | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Three days in the life of fitness motivator Sylwia Zając, whose presence on social media has made her a celebrity. Although she has hundreds of thousands of followers, is surrounded by loyal employees and admired by acquaintances, she is looking for true intimacy.
Title: One Day | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A romantic comedy centered on Dexter and Emma, who first meet during their graduation in 1988 and proceed to keep in touch regularly. The film follows what they do on July 15 annually, usually doing something together.
Title: Planet Hulk | Genres: science fiction, animation, action | Overview: When the Hulk's presence on Earth becomes too great a risk, the Illuminati trick him to board a shuttle destined for a planet where he will be able to live in peace, and launch it into space. The Hulk's struggle to escape causes the shuttle to malfunction and crash land on the planet Sakaar, however, where he is sold into slavery and trained as a gladiator.
Title: New Year's Eve | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: The lives of several couples and singles in New York intertwine over the course of New Year's Eve.
Title: Forever My Girl | Genres: romance, drama, music | Overview: After being gone for a decade, a country star returns home to the love he left behind.
Title: Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: After seven months have passed without a culprit in her daughter's murder case, Mildred Hayes makes a bold move, painting three signs leading into her town with a controversial message directed at Bill Willoughby, the town's revered chief of police. When his second-in-command Officer Jason Dixon, an immature mother's boy with a penchant for violence, gets involved, the battle between Mildred and Ebbing's law enforcement is only exacerbated.
Title: Operation Mekong | Genres: action, adventure, crime, war | Overview: Chinese narco-cops take their mission to the Golden Triangle following the Mekong River massacre of innocent fishermen by the region's drug lord.
"Title: Teen Beach Movie | Genres: family, music, tv movie, comedy | Overview: Life's a beach for surfers Brady and McKenzie – until a rogue wave magically transports them inside the classic '60s beach party flick, ""Wet Side Story,"" where a full-blown rivalry between bikers and surfers threatens to erupt. There, amidst a sea of surfing, singing and dancing, Brady and Mack accidentally change the storyline, and the film’s dreamy hero and heroine fall for them instead of for each other! Can our heroes get the plot back on track, or will they be trapped there forever?"
Title: Huevos: Little Rooster's Egg-Cellent Adventure | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Toto has grown and now is a young cock. An evil rancher tricks the female owner of the ranch where they live and forces her to bet the property in a cockfight in the arena. Toto is the only option to defend their home, so he must train in just one week and win the championship of the arena.
"Title: The Simpsons 20th Anniversary Special - In 3D! On Ice! | Genres: documentary | Overview: The Simpsons 20th Anniversary Special – In 3-D! On Ice! is a documentary special that examined the ""cultural phenomenon"" of the American animated television series The Simpsons."
"Title: Career Opportunities | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: Josie, the daughter of the town's wealthiest businessman, faces problems at home and wishes to leave town but is disoriented. Her decision is finalized after she falls asleep in a Target dressing room. She awakens to find herself locked in the store overnight with the janitor, Jim, the town ""no hoper"" and liar."
Title: We're the Millers | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: A veteran pot dealer creates a fake family as part of his plan to move a huge shipment of weed into the U.S. from Mexico.
Title: Lethal Weapon 4 | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, crime, thriller | Overview: In the combustible action franchise's final installment, maverick detectives Martin Riggs and Roger Murtaugh square off against Asian mobster Wah Sing Ku, who's up to his neck in slave trading and counterfeit currency. With help from gumshoe Leo Getz and smart-aleck rookie cop Lee Butters, Riggs and Murtaugh aim to take down Ku and his gang.
Title: The Next Karate Kid | Genres: action, drama, family, adventure | Overview: Mr. Miyagi decides to take Julie, a troubled teenager, under his wing after he learns that she blames herself for her parents' demise and struggles to adjust with her grandmother and fellow pupils.
Title: Till Death | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: After a romantic evening at their secluded lake house, a woman wakes up handcuffed to her dead husband. Trapped and isolated in the dead of winter, she must fight off hired killers to escape her late spouse's twisted plan.
Title: Big Driver | Genres: crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: Based on a novella from Stephen King, A famous mystery writer sets out for revenge after a brutal attack.
Title: The Green Inferno | Genres: action, horror, thriller | Overview: A group of student activists travel from New York City to the Amazon to save the rainforest. However, once they arrive in this vast green landscape, they soon discover that they are not alone… and that no good deed goes unpunished.
Title: Spartacus | Genres: history, war, drama, adventure | Overview: The rebellious Thracian Spartacus, born and raised a slave, is sold to Gladiator trainer Batiatus. After weeks of being trained to kill for the arena, Spartacus turns on his owners and leads the other slaves in rebellion. As the rebels move from town to town, their numbers swell as escaped slaves join their ranks. Under the leadership of Spartacus, they make their way to southern Italy, where they will cross the sea and return to their homes.
"Title: Doraemon: Nobita's Great Adventure in the Antarctic Kachi Kochi | Genres: animation, adventure, fantasy, family | Overview: Unable to endure the midsummer heat, Doraemon transports Nobita and his friends to a huge iceberg floating in the South Pacific. While creating an amusement parks with the secret tool ""Ice-working Iron"" the group finds a mysterious golden ring in the ice. Upon closer examination, they determine that the ring was buried in Antarctica 100,000 years ago - before people could have lived there. Doraemon and friends head to Antarctica looking for the owner of the ring and come across the ruins of a huge city buried in the ice. Using Doraemon's Time Belt, the group travels back 100,000 years ago and meets the young girl Kara who is connected to the mysterious ring. But now the group must fight for survival as Doraemon faces the crisis of the entire Earth freezing."
Title: Cheeky | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: While scouting out apartments in London for her Venetian boyfriend, Carla rents an apartment that overlooks the Thames. There she meet the lesbian hyper-horny real estate agent Moira.
Title: Doraemon: Nobita and the Island of Miracles ~Animal Adventure~ | Genres: family, animation, adventure | Overview: Nobita and Doraemon use time tree Mochi and catches a big bird Moa, which has been extinct for 500 years ago. To protect extinct the animal, Nobita and Doramon go to Beremon Island which is protected by a golden beetle named Herakles. They meet a girl from the Rokkoro tribe and a boy who looks exactly like Nobita on Beremon Island ...
Title: The Italian Job | Genres: action, crime | Overview: Charlie Croker pulled off the crime of a lifetime. The one thing that he didn't plan on was being double-crossed. Along with a drop-dead gorgeous safecracker, Croker and his team take off to re-steal the loot and end up in a pulse-pounding, pedal-to-the-metal chase that careens up, down, above and below the streets of Los Angeles.
Title: American Made | Genres: action, crime, comedy | Overview: The true story of pilot Barry Seal, who transported contraband for the CIA and the Medellin cartel in the 1980s.
Title: Shark Beach With Chris Hemsworth | Genres: documentary | Overview: Chris Hemsworth has a real passion for sharks. The Hollywood star talks to experts to find out more about the apex predators of the oceans.
Title: Pitch Perfect 3 | Genres: comedy, music | Overview: After the highs of winning the world championships, the Bellas find themselves split apart and discovering there aren't job prospects for making music with your mouth. But when they get the chance to reunite for an overseas USO tour, this group of awesome nerds will come together to make some music, and some questionable decisions, one last time.
Title: The Last Warrior | Genres: fantasy, family, adventure, action, comedy | Overview: Ivan is an ordinary guy who is transferred from modern Moscow to the fantasy world Belogorye. In this parallel universe where characters of Russian fairy tales live, magic is an integral part of daily life, and arguments are settled with the help of sword . Unexpectedly, Ivan finds himself in the middle of a battle between good and evil, and he must discover why everyone thinks that he must play the main role in upcoming events...
Title: Dante's Inferno: An Animated Epic | Genres: action, adventure, animation, horror | Overview: Dante journeys through the nine circles of Hell -- limbo, lust, gluttony, greed, anger, heresy, violence, fraud and treachery -- in search of his true love, Beatrice. An animated version of the video game of the same name.
Title: The Thing | Genres: horror, science fiction, mystery, thriller | Overview: When paleontologist Kate Lloyd travels to an isolated outpost in Antarctica for the expedition of a lifetime, she joins an international team that unearths a remarkable discovery. Their elation quickly turns to fear as they realize that their experiment has freed a mysterious being from its frozen prison. Paranoia spreads like an epidemic as a creature that can mimic anything it touches will pit human against human as it tries to survive and flourish in this spine-tingling thriller.
Title: The Father Who Moves Mountains | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Mircea, former Intelligence officer, finds out that his son from has gone missing in the mountains. He travels there to find him. After days of searches, Mircea put his own rescue team together, leading to conflict with the local squad.
Title: My Little Pony: The Movie | Genres: family, animation, music, adventure, fantasy | Overview: A new dark force threatens Ponyville, and the Mane 6 – Twilight Sparkle, Applejack, Rainbow Dash, Pinkie Pie, Fluttershy and Rarity – embark on an unforgettable journey beyond Equestria where they meet new friends and exciting challenges on a quest to use the magic of friendship and save their home.
Title: The Crow | Genres: fantasy, action, thriller | Overview: Exactly one year after young rock guitarist Eric Draven and his fiancée are brutally killed by a ruthless gang of criminals, Draven—watched over by a hypnotic crow—returns from the grave to exact revenge.
Title: Clown | Genres: horror | Overview: A loving father finds a clown suit for his son's birthday party, only to realize the suit is part of an evil curse that turns its wearer into a killer.
Title: Antz | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: A neurotic worker ant in love with a rebellious princess rises to unlikely stardom when he switches places with a soldier. Signing up to march in a parade, he ends up under the command of a bloodthirsty general. But he's actually been enlisted to fight against a termite army.
Title: The Sixth Sense | Genres: mystery, thriller, drama | Overview: Following an unexpected tragedy, a child psychologist named Malcolm Crowe meets an nine year old boy named Cole Sear, who is hiding a dark secret.
Title: You Should Have Left | Genres: horror | Overview: In an effort to repair their relationship, a couple books a vacation in the countryside for themselves and their daughter. What starts as a perfect retreat begins to fall apart as one loses their grip on reality, and a sinister force tries to tear them apart.
Title: The Patriot | Genres: drama, history, war, action | Overview: After proving himself on the field of battle in the French and Indian War, Benjamin Martin wants nothing more to do with such things, preferring the simple life of a farmer. But when his son Gabriel enlists in the army to defend their new nation, America, against the British, Benjamin reluctantly returns to his old life to protect his son.
Title: Along with the Gods: The Last 49 Days | Genres: drama, fantasy, action | Overview: In the afterlife, one guardian helps a man through his trials, while his two colleagues help a former guardian on earth.
Title: Operation Chromite | Genres: history, drama, war, action | Overview: A squad of soldiers fight in the Korean War's crucial Battle of Incheon.
Title: Sky High | Genres: adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Set in a world where superheroes are commonly known and accepted, young Will Stronghold, the son of the Commander and Jetstream, tries to find a balance between being a normal teenager and an extraordinary being.
Title: Us | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: Husband and wife Gabe and Adelaide Wilson take their kids to their beach house expecting to unplug and unwind with friends. But as night descends, their serenity turns to tension and chaos when some shocking visitors arrive uninvited.
Title: The Hateful Eight | Genres: drama, mystery, western | Overview: Bounty hunters seek shelter from a raging blizzard and get caught up in a plot of betrayal and deception.
Title: Singularity | Genres: science fiction | Overview: When Elias van Dorne, CEO of the world's largest robotics company, introduces his most powerful invention, Kronos-a super-computer designed to end all wars-it determines that humans are the biggest threat and launches a worldwide attack on mankind. A small band of survivors must form an unlikely alliance to survive the greatest artificial intelligence threat man will ever know.
Title: La La Land | Genres: comedy, drama, romance, music | Overview: Mia, an aspiring actress, serves lattes to movie stars in between auditions and Sebastian, a jazz musician, scrapes by playing cocktail party gigs in dingy bars, but as success mounts they are faced with decisions that begin to fray the fragile fabric of their love affair, and the dreams they worked so hard to maintain in each other threaten to rip them apart.
Title: Terrifier | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: On Halloween night, a young woman finds herself as the obsession of a sadistic murderer known as Art the Clown.
Title: Barbie in the Pink Shoes | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Dance your way to a magical adventure with Barbie as Kristyn, a ballerina with big dreams! When she tries on a pair of sparkling pink shoes, she and her best friend, Hailey, are whisked away to a fantastical ballet world. There, Kristyn discovers she must dance in her favorite ballets in order to defeat an evil Snow Queen. With performances to the legendary Giselle and Swan Lake ballets, it's a wonderful journey where if you dance with your heart, dreams come true!
Title: Emmanuelle | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Emmanuelle, a svelte, naive young woman, is en route to Bangkok where she'll join her new husband. He works for the French Embassy and has a lovely home, several dedicated servants, and an expensive car at his disposal. Once Emmanuelle arrives, her husband and a few friends introduce her to a realm of sexual ecstasy she'd never imagined.
"Title: The Ant Bully | Genres: fantasy, adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: Fed up with being targeted by the neighborhood bully, 10-year-old Lucas Nickle vents his frustrations on the anthill in his front yard ... until the insects shrink him to the size of a bug with a magic elixir. Convicted of ""crimes against the colony,"" Lucas can only regain his freedom by living with the ants and learning their ways."
Title: Army of One | Genres: action | Overview: Out hiking, Special Forces Brenner Baker stumbles onto a Cartel's compound. Her husband's killed and she's left for dead. The Cartel made two mistakes, killed her husband and left her alive. They won't live to make another.
Title: Wonder Woman: Bloodlines | Genres: science fiction, animation, action, fantasy | Overview: Wonder Woman tries to help a troubled young girl who has fallen in with a deadly organization known as Villainy, Inc.
"Title: Point Break | Genres: action | Overview: A young undercover FBI agent infiltrates a gang of thieves who share a common interest in extreme sports. A remake of the 1991 film, ""Point Break""."
Title: The Sorcerer's Apprentice | Genres: fantasy, adventure, action | Overview: Balthazar Blake is a master sorcerer in modern-day Manhattan trying to defend the city from his arch-nemesis, Maxim Horvath. Balthazar can't do it alone, so he recruits Dave Stutler, a seemingly average guy who demonstrates hidden potential, as his reluctant protégé. The sorcerer gives his unwilling accomplice a crash course in the art and science of magic, and together, these unlikely partners work to stop the forces of darkness.
Title: Friday the 13th: A New Beginning | Genres: horror | Overview: Homicidal maniac Jason returns from the grave to cause more bloody mayhem. Young Tommy may have escaped from Crystal Lake, but he’s still haunted by the gruesome events that happened there. When gory murders start happening at the secluded halfway house for troubled teens where he now lives, it seems like his nightmarish nemesis, Jason, is back for more sadistic slaughters.
"Title: Letters to Juliet | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: An American girl on vacation in Italy finds an unanswered ""letter to Juliet"" -- one of thousands of missives left at the fictional lover's Verona courtyard, which are typically answered by the ""secretaries of Juliet"" -- and she goes on a quest to find the lovers referenced in the letter."
Title: National Treasure: Book of Secrets | Genres: action, adventure, mystery, thriller | Overview: Benjamin Franklin Gates and Dr. Abigail Chase re-team with Riley Poole and, now armed with a stack of long-lost pages from John Wilkes Booth's diary, Ben must follow a clue left there to prove his ancestor's innocence in the assassination of Abraham Lincoln.
Title: Scooby-Doo! and the Cyber Chase | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: When Scooby and the gang get trapped in a video game created for them, they must fight against the 'Phantom Virus.' To escape the game they must go level by level and defeat the game once and for all.
Title: Lawrence of Arabia | Genres: war, history, adventure, drama | Overview: The story of British officer T.E. Lawrence's mission to aid the Arab tribes in their revolt against the Ottoman Empire during the First World War. Lawrence becomes a flamboyant, messianic figure in the cause of Arab unity but his psychological instability threatens to undermine his achievements.
Title: Her | Genres: romance, science fiction, drama | Overview: In the not so distant future, Theodore, a lonely writer purchases a newly developed operating system designed to meet the user's every needs. To Theodore's surprise, a romantic relationship develops between him and his operating system. This unconventional love story blends science fiction and romance in a sweet tale that explores the nature of love and the ways that technology isolates and connects us all.
Title: Johnny English Strikes Again | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: Disaster strikes when a criminal mastermind reveals the identities of all active undercover agents in Britain. The secret service can now rely on only one man - Johnny English. Currently teaching at a minor prep school, Johnny springs back into action to find the mysterious hacker. For this mission to succeed, he’ll need all of his skills - what few he has - as the man with yesterday’s analogue methods faces off against tomorrow’s digital technology.
Title: Case 39 | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: In her many years as a social worker, Emily Jenkins believes she has seen it all, until she meets 10-year-old Lilith and the girl's cruel parents. Emily's worst fears are confirmed when the parents try to harm the child, and so Emily assumes custody of Lilith while she looks for a foster family. However, Emily soon finds that dark forces surround the seemingly innocent girl, and the more she tries to protect Lilith, the more horrors she encounters.
Title: Gulliver's Travels | Genres: family, comedy, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Travel writer Lemuel Gulliver takes an assignment in Bermuda, but ends up on the island of Liliput, where he towers over its tiny citizens.
Title: Million Dollar Baby | Genres: drama | Overview: Despondent over a painful estrangement from his daughter, trainer Frankie Dunn isn't prepared for boxer Maggie Fitzgerald to enter his life. But Maggie's determined to go pro and to convince Dunn and his cohort to help her.
Title: Dragon Ball: The Path to Power | Genres: animation, adventure, fantasy | Overview: A retelling of Dragon Ball's origin with a different take on the meeting of Goku, Bulma, and Kame-Sen'nin. It also retells the Red Ribbon Army story; but this time they find Goku rather than Goku finding them.
Title: 10 Cloverfield Lane | Genres: thriller, science fiction, drama, horror | Overview: After getting in a car accident, a woman is held in a shelter with two men, who claim the outside world is affected by a widespread chemical attack.
Title: Red Heat | Genres: action, crime | Overview: A tough Russian policeman is forced to partner up with a cocky Chicago police detective when he is sent to Chicago to apprehend a Georgian drug lord who killed his partner and fled the country.
Title: Uncut Gems | Genres: drama, thriller, crime | Overview: A charismatic New York City jeweler always on the lookout for the next big score makes a series of high-stakes bets that could lead to the windfall of a lifetime. Howard must perform a precarious high-wire act, balancing business, family, and encroaching adversaries on all sides in his relentless pursuit of the ultimate win.
Title: The Nun | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: Years ago, a cruel and merciless nun turned a boarding school into a living hell for her students until they could no longer bear the abuse, and she mysteriously disappeared. Now the alumnae are being brutally murdered one by one.
Title: Believe Me: The Abduction of Lisa McVey | Genres: drama, tv movie | Overview: On the night she plans on taking her own life, 17-year-old 'Lisa McVey' is kidnapped and finds herself fighting to stay alive and manages to be a victim of rape. She manages to talk her attacker into releasing her, but when she returns home, no one believes her story except for one detective, who suspects she was abducted by a serial killer. Based on horrifying true events.
Title: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, comedy | Overview: The third and final film in the Guardians of the Galaxy trilogy.
Title: Overlord | Genres: horror, war, science fiction | Overview: France, June 1944. On the eve of D-Day, some American paratroopers fall behind enemy lines after their aircraft crashes while on a mission to destroy a radio tower in a small village near the beaches of Normandy. After reaching their target, the surviving paratroopers realise that, in addition to fighting the Nazi troops that patrol the village, they also must fight against something else.
Title: Brokeback Mountain | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Two modern-day cowboys meet on a shepherding job in the summer of '63, the two share a raw and powerful summer together that turns into a lifelong relationship conflict
Title: Warning | Genres: science fiction, thriller, drama | Overview: Loneliness, death and the meaning of life, explored through vastly separate lives colliding in interweaving short stories set in future Earth.
Title: Trouble with the Curve | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Slowed by age and failing eyesight, crack baseball scout Gus Lobel takes his grown daughter along as he checks out the final prospect of his career. Along the way, the two renew their bond, and she catches the eye of a young player-turned-scout.
Title: Samson and Delilah | Genres: drama, romance, adventure | Overview: When strongman Samson rejects the love of the beautiful Philistine woman Delilah, she seeks vengeance that brings horrible consequences they both regret. The classic story of Samson and Delilah as told by Cecil B. DeMille.
Title: Life | Genres: horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: The six-member crew of the International Space Station is tasked with studying a sample from Mars that may be the first proof of extra-terrestrial life, which proves more intelligent than ever expected.
Title: What's Your Number? | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Ally Darling is realizing she's a little lost in life. Her latest romance has just fizzled out, and she's just been fired from her marketing job. Then she reads an eye-opening magazine article that warns that 96 percent of women who've been with 20 or more lovers are unlikely to find a husband. Determined to turn her life around and prove the article wrong, Ally embarks on a mission to find the perfect mate from among her numerous ex-boyfriends.
Title: American Pie: Revealed | Genres: documentary, comedy | Overview: Documentary about the making of American Pie (1999), American Pie 2 (2001) and American Wedding (2003).
Title: The Outpost | Genres: war, drama, history, action | Overview: A small unit of U.S. soldiers, alone at the remote Combat Outpost Keating, located deep in the valley of three mountains in Afghanistan, battles to defend against an overwhelming force of Taliban fighters in a coordinated attack. The Battle of Kamdesh, as it was known, was the bloodiest American engagement of the Afghan War in 2009 and Bravo Troop 3-61 CAV became one of the most decorated units of the 19-year conflict.
Title: The Ritual | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: A group of college friends reunite for a trip to the forest, but encounter a menacing presence in the woods that's stalking them.
Title: A Monster Calls | Genres: drama, fantasy | Overview: A boy imagines a monster that helps him deal with his difficult life and see the world in a different way.
Title: The Animatrix | Genres: animation, science fiction | Overview: Straight from the creators of the groundbreaking Matrix trilogy, this collection of short animated films from the world's leading anime directors fuses computer graphics and Japanese anime to provide the background of the Matrix universe and the conflict between man and machines. The shorts include Final Flight of the Osiris, The Second Renaissance, Kid's Story, Program, World Record, Beyond, A Detective Story and Matriculated.
Title: Battle Angel | Genres: animation, action, science fiction | Overview: In his travels as a bounty hunter, Hunter-Warrior and cyborg healer Ido one day discovers and repairs the remnants of a cyborg whom he names Gally. Though possessing the body of a young woman, Gally now embodies Ido's most sophisticated and lethal cybernetic skills. The preternaturally strong, amnesiac Gally begins to forge a life for herself in a world where every day is a struggle for survival.
Title: Taylor Tomlinson: Look at You | Genres: comedy | Overview: Breakups. Therapy. Bangs. Taylor's gone through some stuff since her quarter-life crisis, and she spins her mental health journey into insightful comedy.
Title: Herbie Fully Loaded | Genres: comedy, family, adventure, fantasy, romance | Overview: Maggie Peyton, the new owner of Number 53 - the free-wheelin' Volkswagen bug with a mind of its own - puts the car through its paces on the road to becoming a NASCAR competitor.
Title: The Pacifier | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Navy SEAL Shane Wolfe is handed a new assignment: Protect the five Plummer kids from enemies of their recently deceased father -- a government scientist whose top-secret experiment remains hidden in the kids' house.
Title: Sully | Genres: drama, history | Overview: On 15 January 2009, the world witnessed the 'Miracle on the Hudson' when Captain 'Sully' Sullenberger glided his disabled plane onto the frigid waters of the Hudson River, saving the lives of all 155 aboard. However, even as Sully was being heralded by the public and the media for his unprecedented feat of aviation skill, an investigation was unfolding that threatened to destroy his reputation and career.
Title: Apostle | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller, drama | Overview: In 1905, a man travels to a remote island in search of his missing sister who has been kidnapped by a mysterious religious cult.
"Title: Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha: Detonation | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: As the conflict that began in Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha: Reflection continues to escalate, Nanoha and her allies soon find out the troubled history between Iris and Yuri, which is related to the tragedy of Eltoria's ""Planet Reclamation Committee""."
Title: High School Musical | Genres: comedy, drama, family, music, romance, tv movie | Overview: Troy, the popular captain of the basketball team, and Gabriella, the brainy and beautiful member of the academic club, break all the rules of East High society when they secretly audition for the leads in the school's musical. As they reach for the stars and follow their dreams, everyone learns about acceptance, teamwork, and being yourself.
Title: Tears of the Sun | Genres: war, action, drama | Overview: Navy SEAL Lieutenant A.K. Waters and his elite squadron of tactical specialists are forced to choose between their duty and their humanity, between following orders by ignoring the conflict that surrounds them, or finding the courage to follow their conscience and protect a group of innocent refugees. When the democratic government of Nigeria collapses and the country is taken over by a ruthless military dictator, Waters, a fiercely loyal and hardened veteran is dispatched on a routine mission to retrieve a Doctors Without Borders physician.
Title: Atlantis: Milo's Return | Genres: fantasy, animation, science fiction, family, action | Overview: Milo and Kida reunite with their friends to investigate strange occurances around the world that seem to have links to the secrets of Atlantis.
Title: Killing Jesus | Genres: drama, history, tv movie | Overview: Jesus of Nazareth’s life and ministry were subject to seismic social and political events that led to his execution and changed the world forever.
"Title: Wolf Girl and Black Prince | Genres: romance | Overview: Erika Shinohara is a first year of high school student. While talking to friends, she makes up a story about her ""boyfriend."" In reality, Erika Shinohara doesn't have a boyfriend. Erika's friends soon begin to doubt her story and Erika is also running out of lies. Erika then sees a pretty boy on the street and takes his picture discreetly. She later shows his picture to her friends as her boyfriend. The boy in the picture is Kyouya Sata and happens to attend the same school as Erika. She tells Kyouya about her situation and asks him to be her pretend boyfriend. Even though Kyouya has a pretty appearance, he has a dark side."
Title: The Collector | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Desperate to repay his debt to his ex-wife, an ex-con plots a heist at his new employer's country home, unaware that a second criminal has also targeted the property, and rigged it with a series of deadly traps.
Title: Nerve | Genres: mystery, adventure, crime | Overview: Industrious high school senior Vee Delmonico has had it with living life on the sidelines. When pressured by friends to join the popular online game Nerve, Vee decides to sign up for just one dare in what seems like harmless fun. But as she finds herself caught up in the thrill of the adrenaline-fueled competition partnered with a mysterious stranger, the game begins to take a sinister turn with increasingly dangerous acts, leading her into a high stakes finale that will determine her entire future.
Title: The Comeback Trail | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Two movie producers who owe money to the mob set up their aging movie star for an insurance scam to try and save themselves. But they wind up getting more than they ever imagined.
"Title: One Piece: Adventure of Nebulandia | Genres: action, animation, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Kōmei devises a plan where Zoro and Sanji take part in an eating contest, and the two eat a strange ""good-for-nothing-only"" mushroom that turns them into good-for-nothing men. The two are then locked in a jail cell. When the rest of the Straw Hat Pirates chase after their imprisoned crew, they land on the island of Nebulandia, which features a mysterious fog made from sea water, and it has the same effects as seastone. The Straw Hat Pirates' arrival on Nebulandia is also a part of Kōmei's plan."
Title: RoboCop | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: In RoboCop, the year is 2028 and multinational conglomerate OmniCorp is at the center of robot technology. Overseas, their drones have been used by the military for years, but have been forbidden for law enforcement in America. Now OmniCorp wants to bring their controversial technology to the home front, and they see a golden opportunity to do it. When Alex Murphy – a loving husband, father and good cop doing his best to stem the tide of crime and corruption in Detroit – is critically injured, OmniCorp sees their chance to build a part-man, part-robot police officer. OmniCorp envisions a RoboCop in every city and even more billions for their shareholders, but they never counted on one thing: there is still a man inside the machine.
Title: Bachelorette | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Three friends are asked to be bridesmaids at a wedding of a woman they used to ridicule back in high school.
Title: Judge Dredd | Genres: science fiction | Overview: In a dystopian future, Dredd, the most famous judge (a cop with instant field judiciary powers) is convicted for a crime he did not commit while his murderous counterpart escapes.
Title: Hard Target 2 | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Forced into a deadly cat-and-mouse game, a disgraced mixed martial arts fighter is hunted through the jungles of Southeast Asia.
Title: Dragonheart: Battle for the Heartfire | Genres: fantasy, adventure | Overview: When the King Gareth dies, his potential heirs, twin grandchildren who possess the dragon’s unique strengths, use their inherited powers against each other to vie for the throne. When Drago’s source of power – known as the Heartfire – is stolen, more than the throne is at stake; the siblings must end their rivalry with swords and sorcery or the kingdom may fall.
Title: Memoirs of a Geisha | Genres: drama, romance, history | Overview: A sweeping romantic epic set in Japan in the years before World War II, a penniless Japanese child is torn from her family to work as a maid in a geisha house.
Title: Superman: Man of Tomorrow | Genres: animation, action, science fiction | Overview: It’s the dawn of a new age of heroes, and Metropolis has just met its first. But as Daily Planet intern Clark Kent – working alongside reporter Lois Lane – secretly wields his alien powers of flight, super-strength and x-ray vision in the battle for good, there’s even greater trouble on the horizon.
Title: Promising Young Woman | Genres: thriller, crime, drama | Overview: A young woman, traumatized by a tragic event in her past, seeks out vengeance against those who crossed her path.
"Title: Private Lessons | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Phillip Filmore is a naive, 15-year-old, preoccupied with sex, who develops a crush on Nicole Mallow, the new 30-something, French housekeeper and sitter to look after him when Phillip's father is out of town for the summer on a ""business"" trip. But Mr. Filmore's unscrupulous chauffeur, Lester Lewis, takes advantage of Phillip's crush on Nicole to hire her to seduce the youth, then draws her into a plot to fake her own death in a blackmail scheme aimed to drain Phillip's trust fund."
Title: Bare Sex | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: 2 couples and a single guy really, engage in a naughty game of truth or dare.
Title: Scooby-Doo! in Where's My Mummy? | Genres: mystery, animation, family, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Scooby-Doo and the Mystery Inc. gang become involved in a supernatural mystery in Egypt.
"Title: The Hustle | Genres: comedy | Overview: Two female scam artists, one low rent and the other high class, compete to swindle a naïve tech prodigy out of his fortune. A remake of the 1988 comedy ""Dirty Rotten Scoundrels."""
Title: Killing Season | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Two veterans of the Bosnian War, one American, one Serbian, clash in the remote Smoky Mountain wilderness.
Title: Step Up All In | Genres: romance, drama, music | Overview: All-stars from the previous Step Up installments come together in glittering Las Vegas, battling for a victory that could define their dreams and their careers.
Title: Justice League: Crisis on Two Earths | Genres: action, adventure, animation, science fiction | Overview: A heroic version of Lex Luthor from an alternate universe appears to recruit the Justice League to help save his Earth from the Crime Syndicate, an evil version of the League. What ensues is the ultimate battle of good versus evil in a war that threatens both planets and, through a devious plan launched by Batman's counterpart Owlman, puts the balance of all existence in peril.
Title: Song of the Sea | Genres: family, animation, fantasy | Overview: The story of the last Seal Child’s journey home. After their mother’s disappearance, Ben and Saoirse are sent to live with Granny in the city. When they resolve to return to their home by the sea, their journey becomes a race against time as they are drawn into a world Ben knows only from his mother’s folktales. But this is no bedtime story; these fairy folk have been in our world far too long. It soon becomes clear to Ben that Saoirse is the key to their survival.
Title: In Bruges | Genres: comedy, drama, crime | Overview: Ray and Ken, two hit men, are in Bruges, Belgium, waiting for their next mission. While they are there they have time to think and discuss their previous assignment. When the mission is revealed to Ken, it is not what he expected.
Title: The Mountain Between Us | Genres: romance, adventure, drama | Overview: Stranded after a tragic plane crash, two strangers must forge a connection to survive the extreme elements of a remote snow covered mountain. When they realize help is not coming, they embark on a perilous journey across the wilderness.
Title: Universal Soldier | Genres: thriller, action, science fiction, crime | Overview: An American soldier who had been killed during the Vietnam War is revived 25 years later by the military as a semi-android, UniSols, a high-tech soldier of the future. After the failure of the initiative to erase all the soldier's memories, he begins to experience flashbacks that are forcing him to recall his past.
Title: The Terminal | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Viktor Navorski is a man without a country; his plane took off just as a coup d'etat exploded in his homeland, leaving it in shambles, and now he's stranded at Kennedy Airport, where he's holding a passport that nobody recognizes. While quarantined in the transit lounge until authorities can figure out what to do with him, Viktor simply goes on living – and courts romance with a beautiful flight attendant.
Title: Dragon Ball: Curse of the Blood Rubies | Genres: action, animation, adventure, comedy, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: The great King Gurumes is searching for the Dragon Balls in order to put a stop to his endless hunger. A young girl named Pansy who lives in the nearby village has had enough of the treachery and decides to seek Muten Rōshi for assistance. Can our heroes save the village and put a stop to the Gurumes Army?
Title: Cheaper by the Dozen | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: The Baker brood moves to Chicago after patriarch Tom gets a job coaching football at Northwestern University, forcing his writer wife, Mary, and the couple's 12 children to make a major adjustment. The transition works well until work demands pull the parents away from home, leaving the kids bored -- and increasingly mischievous.
Title: Vehicle 19 | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: A parolee becomes the target of a massive police manhunt after inadvertently picking up a rental car with a female whistleblower tied up in the trunk. Now, as the police attempt to silence the woman before she can testify about the city's rampant corruption, the ex-con who just regained his freedom must defend her life, and clear his own name.
Title: City of God | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Buscapé was raised in a very violent environment. Despite the feeling that all odds were against him, he finds out that life can be seen with other eyes...
Title: UglyDolls | Genres: family, animation, comedy, adventure, fantasy, music | Overview: In the adorably different town of Uglyville, weirdness is celebrated, strangeness is special and beauty is embraced as more than meets the eye. After traveling to the other side of a mountain, Moxy and her UglyDoll friends discover Perfection -- a town where more conventional dolls receive training before entering the real world to find the love of a child.
Title: The Descendants | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: With his wife Elizabeth on life support after a boating accident, Hawaiian land baron Matt King takes his daughters on a trip from Oahu to Kauai to confront a young real estate broker, who was having an affair with Elizabeth before her misfortune.
Title: Children of the Corn | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A boy preacher named Isaac goes to a town in Nebraska called Gatlin and gets all the children to murder every adult in town.
Title: High School Musical 3: Senior Year | Genres: comedy, romance, drama, family, music | Overview: It's almost graduation day for high school seniors Troy, Gabriella, Sharpay, Chad, Ryan and Taylor — and the thought of heading off in separate directions after leaving East High has these Wildcats thinking they need to do something they'll remember forever. Together with the rest of the Wildcats, they stage a spring musical reflecting their hopes and fears about the future and their unforgettable experiences growing up together. Will their final show break them apart or bring them together for the greatest moment in Wildcat history?
Title: Angela's Christmas Wish | Genres: animation, family | Overview: A determined Angela makes a wish to reunite her family in time for Christmas, then launches a plan to find her way from Ireland to Australia.
Title: Sadako vs. Kayako | Genres: horror | Overview: A girl, Yūri Kurahashi, after watching a cursed videotape together with her friend in a haunted house, becomes trapped in a conflict between the two murderous ghosts: Sadako Yamamura and Kayako Saeki
Title: 21 | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Ben Campbell is a young, highly intelligent, student at M.I.T. in Boston who strives to succeed. Wanting a scholarship to transfer to Harvard School of Medicine with the desire to become a doctor, Ben learns that he cannot afford the $300,000 for the four to five years of schooling as he comes from a poor, working-class background. But one evening, Ben is introduced by his unorthodox math professor Micky Rosa into a small but secretive club of five. Students Jill, Choi, Kianna, and Fisher, who are being trained by Professor Rosa of the skill of card counting at blackjack.
Title: The Book of Eli | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: A post-apocalyptic tale, in which a lone man fights his way across America in order to protect a sacred book that holds the secrets to saving humankind.
Title: Welcome Home | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A couple try to repair their damaged union in an Italian vacation paradise. Then they discover the owner's intentions.
Title: Alien³ | Genres: science fiction, action, horror | Overview: After escaping with Newt and Hicks from the alien planet, Ripley crash lands on Fiorina 161, a prison planet and host to a correctional facility. Unfortunately, although Newt and Hicks do not survive the crash, a more unwelcome visitor does. The prison does not allow weapons of any kind, and with aid being a long time away, the prisoners must simply survive in any way they can.
Title: Barbie: Spy Squad | Genres: action, animation, family | Overview: Barbie and her best friends Teresa and Renee transform from hard-working gymnasts to undercover secret agents. When their amazing gymnastics skills catch the eye of a top-secret spy agency, the girls are soon following clues to a gem-stealing cat burglar, using high-tech gadgets, glam disguises and cute robo-pets to save the day.
Title: Reservoir Dogs | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: A botched robbery indicates a police informant, and the pressure mounts in the aftermath at a warehouse. Crime begets violence as the survivors -- veteran Mr. White, newcomer Mr. Orange, psychopathic parolee Mr. Blonde, bickering weasel Mr. Pink and Nice Guy Eddie -- unravel.
Title: Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Five years after meeting her three fathers, Sophie Sheridan prepares to open her mother’s hotel. In 1979, young Donna Sheridan meets the men who each could be Sophie’s biological father.
"Title: Kickboxer: Retaliation | Genres: action, drama | Overview: One year after the events of ""Kickboxer: Vengeance"", Kurt Sloan has vowed never to return to Thailand. However, while gearing up for a MMA title shot, he finds himself sedated and forced back into Thailand, this time in prison. He is there because the ones responsible want him to face a 6'8"" 400 lbs. beast named Mongkut and in return for the fight, Kurt will get two million dollars and his freedom back. Kurt at first refuses, in which a bounty is placed on his head as a way to force him to face Mongkut. Kurt soon learns he will have no other choice and will undergo his most rigorous training yet under some unexpected mentors in order to face Mongkut in hopes to regain his freedom."
Title: Fantastic Planet | Genres: animation, science fiction | Overview: On the planet Ygam, the Draags, extremely technologically and spiritually advanced blue humanoids, consider the tiny Oms, human beings descendants of Terra's inhabitants, as ignorant animals. Those who live in slavery are treated as simple pets and used to entertain Draag children; those who live hidden in the hostile wilderness of the planet are periodically hunted and ruthlessly slaughtered as if they were vermin.
Title: Fractured | Genres: thriller | Overview: Driving cross-country, Ray and his wife and daughter stop at a highway rest area where his daughter falls and breaks her arm. After a frantic rush to the hospital and a clash with the check-in nurse, Ray is finally able to get her to a doctor. While the wife and daughter go downstairs for an MRI, Ray, exhausted, passes out in a chair in the lobby. Upon waking up, they have no record or knowledge of Ray's family ever being checked in.
Title: Megalodon | Genres: action | Overview: A skeptical news reporter is invited by the CEO of Nexecon Petroleum to document the safety of Colossus, the largest drilling and refining platform ever constructed. As the powerful drill tears through the seabed, a fissure forms, revealing a hidden mirror ocean teeming with prehistoric life. When a team is sent to access the damage, it comes face to face with the most powerful oceanic predator that ever lived: Carcharodon Megalodon.
Title: Spectral | Genres: science fiction, thriller, action | Overview: A special-ops team is dispatched to fight supernatural beings that have taken over a European city.
Title: The Strangers | Genres: thriller, horror, mystery | Overview: After returning from a wedding reception, a couple staying in an isolated vacation house receive a knock on the door in the mid-hours of the night. What ensues is a violent invasion by three strangers, their faces hidden behind masks. The couple find themselves in a violent struggle, in which they go beyond what either of them thought capable in order to survive.
Title: The World to Come | Genres: romance, drama, western | Overview: In 1856, two women forge a close connection despite their isolation on the American frontier.
Title: Hall Pass | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: When best buds Rick and Fred begin to show signs of restlessness at home, their wives take a bold approach to revitalize their marriages, they grant the guys a 'hall pass'—one week of freedom to do whatever they want. At first, it seems like a dream come true, but they quickly discover that their expectations of the single life—and themselves—are completely and hilariously out of sync with reality.
Title: Sin City | Genres: thriller, action, crime | Overview: Welcome to Sin City. This town beckons to the tough, the corrupt, the brokenhearted. Some call it dark… Hard-boiled. Then there are those who call it home — Crooked cops, sexy dames, desperate vigilantes. Some are seeking revenge, others lust after redemption, and then there are those hoping for a little of both. A universe of unlikely and reluctant heroes still trying to do the right thing in a city that refuses to care.
Title: Ama | Genres: drama | Overview: A portrait of the myth of maternity around the story of Pepa and her daughter, who are evicted from their home and forced to wander for a place to live with no support network.
"Title: Con Air | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: When the government puts all its rotten criminal eggs in one airborne basket, it's asking for trouble. Before you can say, ""Pass the barf bag,"" the crooks control the plane, led by creepy Cyrus ""The Virus"" Grissom. Watching his every move is the just-released Cameron Poe, who'd rather reunite with his family."
Title: Christopher Robin | Genres: adventure, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: Christopher Robin, the boy who had countless adventures in the Hundred Acre Wood, has grown up and lost his way. Now it’s up to his spirited and loveable stuffed animals, Winnie The Pooh, Tigger, Piglet, and the rest of the gang, to rekindle their friendship and remind him of endless days of childlike wonder and make-believe, when doing nothing was the very best something.
Title: One Piece: Baron Omatsuri and the Secret Island | Genres: action, animation, comedy | Overview: The Straw Hats visit a recreational island, run by Baron Omatsuri, the former captain of a pirate crew, who were all killed years ago. Being the only survivor, he then started hating all close-knit groups of pirates and wishing to separate them. He and his henchmen seed distrust among the Straw Hats and capture them one by one, leaving only Luffy to free his crew from the Baron's hold.
Title: Before I Fall | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller, fantasy | Overview: Samantha Kingston has everything. Then, everything changes. After one fateful night, she wakes up with no future at all. Trapped into reliving the same day over and over, she begins to question just how perfect her life really was.
Title: Lord of War | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Yuri Orlov is a globetrotting arms dealer and, through some of the deadliest war zones, he struggles to stay one step ahead of a relentless Interpol agent, his business rivals and even some of his customers who include many of the world's most notorious dictators. Finally, he must also face his own conscience.
Title: Luther | Genres: drama, history | Overview: During the early 16th Century idealistic German monk Martin Luther, disgusted by the materialism in the church, begins the dialogue that will lead to the Protestant Reformation.
Title: The World Is Not Enough | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: Greed, revenge, world dominance and high-tech terrorism – it's all in a day's work for Bond, who's on a mission to protect a beautiful oil heiress from a notorious terrorist. In a race against time that culminates in a dramatic submarine showdown, Bond works to defuse the international power struggle that has the world's oil supply hanging in the balance.
Title: The World's End | Genres: comedy, action, science fiction | Overview: Five friends who reunite in an attempt to top their epic pub crawl from 20 years earlier unwittingly become humankind's only hope for survival.
Title: In the Heights | Genres: drama, music, romance | Overview: The story of Usnavi, a bodega owner who has mixed feelings about closing his store and retiring to the Dominican Republic or staying in Washington Heights.
Title: Endless Love | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Two young kids fall in love with each other. But the passion is too consuming for the parents of Jade. The parents try to stop them from seeing each other. But when this doesn't work, David burns down the house and is sent away. This doesn't stop him from seeing her. When he gets out he goes to look for her. But the passion for his first love is too strong and she has to leave.
Title: Barnyard | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: When the farmer's away, all the animals play, and sing, and dance. Eventually, though, someone has to step in and run things, a responsibility that ends up going to Otis, a carefree cow.
Title: Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: It's summertime, and Greg Heffley is looking forward to playing video games and spending time with his friends. However, Greg's dad has other plans: He's decided that some father-son bonding time is in order. Desperate to prevent his dad from ruining summer vacation, Greg pretends he has a job at a ritzy country club. But Greg's plan backfires, leaving him in the middle of embarrassing mishaps and a camping trip gone wrong.
Title: Friday | Genres: comedy | Overview: Craig and Smokey are two guys in Los Angeles hanging out on their porch on a Friday afternoon, smoking and drinking, looking for something to do.
Title: Assassination Nation | Genres: thriller, horror, comedy | Overview: High school senior Lily and her friends, Bex, Em and Sarah live in a haze of texts, posts, selfies and chats just like the rest of the world. So, when an anonymous hacker starts posting details from the private lives of everyone in their small town, the result is absolute madness leaving Lily and her friends questioning whether they'll live through the night.
Title: Scooby-Doo! The Mystery Begins | Genres: mystery, animation, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Unjustly accused of staging a spooky practical joke complete with ghosts, Daphne, Velma, Fred and Shaggy are suspended from Coolsville High. To clear their names, they team up to solve the supernatural mystery…and head straight into nonstop laughs and adventure.
Title: Captain Fantastic | Genres: adventure, drama | Overview: A father living in the forests of the Pacific Northwest with his six young kids tries to assimilate back into society.
Title: Ghost Ship | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: After discovering a passenger ship missing since 1962 floating adrift on the Bering Sea, salvagers claim the vessel as their own. Once they begin towing the ghost ship towards harbor, a series of bizarre occurrences happen and the group becomes trapped inside the ship, which they soon learn is inhabited by a demonic creature.
Title: Age of Tomorrow | Genres: thriller, science fiction, action | Overview: Mankind must fight to survive as Earth is invaded by hostile UFOs bent on destroying the planet. As the epic battle wages on, astronauts sneak aboard the mothership where they discover a portal to the aliens' home world. They manage to alert Earth before they are brutally murdered. Left with no other choice, Earth sends an elite military team of science and combat specialists through the portal where they attempt to stop the invasion from the inside out.
Title: The Rock | Genres: action, adventure, thriller | Overview: FBI chemical warfare expert Stanley Goodspeed is sent on an urgent mission with a former British spy, John Patrick Mason, to stop Gen. Francis X. Hummel from launching chemical weapons on Alcatraz Island into San Francisco. Gen. Hummel demands $100 million in war reparations to be paid to the families of slain servicemen who died on covert operations. After their SEAL team is wiped out, Stanley and John deal with the soldiers on their own.
"Title: Mobile Suit Gundam Narrative | Genres: animation, science fiction, action | Overview: U.C. 0097, one year after the opening of ""Laplace's Box"". Despite the revelation of the Universal Century Charter that acknowledges the existence and rights of Newtypes, the framework of the world has not been greatly altered. The conflict later dubbed the ""Laplace Incident"" is thought to have ended with the downfall of the Neo Zeon remnants known as the Sleeves. In its final battle, two full psycho-frame mobile suits displayed power beyond human understanding. The white unicorn and the black lion were sealed away to remove this danger from people's consciousness, and they should now be completely forgotten. However, the RX-0 Unicorn Gundam 03, which disappeared two years earlier, is now about to show itself in the Earth Sphere once more. A golden phoenix… named Phenex."
Title: The Lord of the Rings | Genres: adventure, animation, fantasy | Overview: The Fellowship of the Ring embark on a journey to destroy the One Ring and end Sauron's reign over Middle-earth.
"Title: L: change the WorLd | Genres: fantasy, action, thriller, science fiction, mystery | Overview: ""The human whose name is written in the Death Note shall die."" After making the hardest decision ever, another serious case confronts L. There are only 23 days left and without his best partner Watari (Shunji Fujimura), L has to solve the case all by himself for the very first time."
Title: One Piece: Episode of Chopper Plus: Bloom in the Winter, Miracle Cherry Blossom | Genres: action, animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: A retelling of the Drum Island storyline from the manga. It features Franky, Nico Robin, and the Thousand Sunny, who weren't present in the original version.
Title: Batman: Year One | Genres: action, animation, crime, science fiction | Overview: A wealthy playboy named Bruce Wayne and a Chicago cop named Jim Gordon both return to Gotham City where their lives unexpectedly intersect.
Title: The Other Side of Heaven 2: Fire of Faith | Genres: adventure, drama | Overview: Missionary John H. Groberg returns to Tonga in the 1960s with his wife and their five young daughters. When their sixth child is born with a serious illness, the Grobergs face their ultimate test of faith, only to find themselves surrounded by the love and prayers of thousands of Tongans. Barriers of inter religious strife are soon broken down as all unite in hopes of a miracle that will save the baby's life, as well as the life of a Tongan minister's son.
Title: Hoodwinked Too! Hood VS. Evil | Genres: comedy, animation, family | Overview: Red Riding Hood is training in the group of Sister Hoods, when she and the Wolf are called to examine the sudden mysterious disappearance of Hansel and Gretel.
Title: The Lost Prince | Genres: fantasy, adventure, comedy | Overview: Djibi lives alone with Sofia, his 8-year-old daughter. Every night, he invents a story to put him to sleep. When Sofia falls asleep, these extraordinary stories come to life somewhere in an imaginary world inhabited by knights, pirates and other dragons. In this world that belongs only to them, Sofia is always the princess to save, and the brave Prince is none other than Djibi himself. But 3 years later, the entry of Sofia to the college will mark the end of her childhood. To the despair of her father, she no longer needs her stories at night. On the one hand, Djibi will have to accept that his daughter will grow up and move away from him. On the other hand, in the World of Stories, the Prince will have to face the most epic of all his adventures. Find your destiny in a world where it no longer has a place.
Title: Stolen | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Master thief Will Montgomery is just released from the State penitentiary after serving a 10 year sentence, is contacted by Vincent, his ex comrade in crime, who is holding Will’s teenage daughter ransom in a hijacked taxi cab. Vincent will only surrender her when Will reveals the whereabouts of the 20 million dollars he contrived to conceal from their last robbery.
Title: Freaks Out | Genres: adventure, action, science fiction | Overview: Four circus freaks with superpowers find themselves trapped in Nazi-occupied Rome after their owner and father figure goes missing in the aftermath of the 1943 surrender of Italy to the Allies.
Title: Viking | Genres: history, action, drama | Overview: The early Middle Ages. A time of heavy swords and dark blood law. The ruling clan is in discord. The guilt for the accidental death of the brother has fallen on the Grand Duke. According to the law, revenge must be taken by the younger brother, a bastard. For the refusal to kill, he has to pay with eve- rything he had, because “for peace you need more swords than for a war”...
Title: Wishmaster 2: Evil Never Dies | Genres: fantasy, horror | Overview: During a failed art heist, the Djinn is once again liberated. This time, to complete the 1001 wishes that he needs before the final 3, he lets himself go to prison, where he starts his evil reign twisting the hopes of the prisoners. Meanwhile, the woman who set him free accidentally, Morgana, tries to find a way to stop him, aided by a young priest.
Title: Caught by a Wave | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A summer fling born under the Sicilian sun quickly develops into a heartbreaking love story that forces a boy and girl to grow up too quickly.
Title: Death on the Nile | Genres: mystery | Overview: As Hercule Poirot enjoys a luxurious cruise down the Nile, a newlywed heiress is found murdered on board. Can Poirot identify the killer before the ship reaches the end of its journey?
Title: Murder Mystery | Genres: comedy | Overview: On a long-awaited trip to Europe, a New York City cop and his hairdresser wife scramble to solve a baffling murder aboard a billionaire's yacht.
Title: Doraemon: Nobita and the Kingdom of Clouds | Genres: animation | Overview: Doraemon launches its ecological adventure to save Earth from a terrible threat with Nobita and his whole gang. This time Doraemon used his inventions to create, along with Nobita, his own world in the sky, a giant cloud. During their journey to the cloud are alien beings who seek to destroy civilization to chasten humans for their lack of commitment to the environment. Doraemon and the gang must find allies and convince the people of the clouds on Earth that there are people who fight for nature. In his adventure, meet good friends, raffled countless dangers, will encounter prehistoric animals and will give everything to defend our planet.
"Title: The Island | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction, adventure | Overview: In 2019, Lincoln Six-Echo is a resident of a seemingly ""Utopian"" but contained facility. Like all of the inhabitants of this carefully-controlled environment, Lincoln hopes to be chosen to go to The Island — reportedly the last uncontaminated location on the planet. But Lincoln soon discovers that everything about his existence is a lie."
Title: 50 First Dates | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Henry is a player skilled at seducing women. But when this veterinarian meets Lucy, a girl with a quirky problem when it comes to total recall, he realizes it's possible to fall in love all over again…and again, and again. That's because the delightful Lucy has no short-term memory, so Henry must woo her day after day until he finally sweeps her off her feet.
Title: The Running Man | Genres: action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: By 2017, the global economy has collapsed and U.S. society has become a totalitarian police state, censoring all cultural activity. The government pacifies the populace by broadcasting a number of game shows in which convicted criminals fight for their lives, including the gladiator-style The Running Man, hosted by the ruthless Damon Killian, where “runners” attempt to evade “stalkers” and certain death for a chance to be pardoned and set free.
Title: Dragonfly | Genres: thriller, fantasy | Overview: A grieving doctor is being contacted by his late wife through his patient's near death experiences.
Title: The Monuments Men | Genres: war, drama, history, action | Overview: Based on the true story of the greatest treasure hunt in history, The Monuments Men is an action drama focusing on seven over-the-hill, out-of-shape museum directors, artists, architects, curators, and art historians who went to the front lines of WWII to rescue the world’s artistic masterpieces from Nazi thieves and return them to their rightful owners. With the art hidden behind enemy lines, how could these guys hope to succeed?
Title: The Descent: Part 2 | Genres: adventure, horror, thriller | Overview: Distraught, confused, and half-wild with fear, Sarah Carter emerges alone from the Appalachian cave system where she encountered unspeakable terrors. Unable to plausibly explain to the authorities what happened - or why she's covered in her friends' blood - Sarah is forced back to the subterranean depths to help locate her five missing companions.
Title: Birdman or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance) | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: A fading actor best known for his portrayal of a popular superhero attempts to mount a comeback by appearing in a Broadway play. As opening night approaches, his attempts to become more altruistic, rebuild his career, and reconnect with friends and family prove more difficult than expected.
Title: Irreversible | Genres: drama, thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: Events over the course of one traumatic night in Paris unfold in reverse-chronological order as the beautiful Alex is brutally raped and beaten by a stranger in the underpass. Her boyfriend and ex-lover take matters into their own hands and subsequently seek revenge upon the assailant. A simultaneously beautiful and terrible examination of the destructive nature of cause and effect, and how time destroys everything.
Title: Regular Show: The Movie | Genres: animation, comedy, science fiction, tv movie | Overview: To save the universe, and their friendship, Mordecai and Rigby must defeat an evil volleyball coach.
Title: Near Dark | Genres: horror | Overview: A farm boy reluctantly becomes a member of the undead when a girl he meets turns out to be part of a band of vampires who roam the highways in stolen cars.
Title: Megalodon Rising | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: When history’s greatest aquatic predator returns, the armada of modern warships sent to destroy it has no chance at all.
Title: Jeepers Creepers: Reborn | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Forced to travel with her boyfriend to a horror festival, Laine begins to experience disturbing visions associated with the urban legend of The Creeper. As the festival arrives and the blood-soaked entertainment builds to a frenzy, she believes that something unearthly has been summoned… and that she is at the center of it.
Title: A Writer's Odyssey | Genres: drama, action, fantasy | Overview: Kongwen Lu is the author of a fantasy novel series following a heroic teenager, also named Kongwen, on a quest to end the tyrannical rule of Lord Redmane, under the guidance of a Black Armor. But through a strange twist of fate, the fantasy world of the novel begins to impact life in the real world, leading Guan Ning to accept a mission from Tu Ling to kill the author.
Title: Evangelion: 3.0 You Can (Not) Redo | Genres: animation, science fiction, action, drama | Overview: Fourteen years after Third Impact, Shinji Ikari awakens to a world he does not remember. He hasn't aged. Much of Earth is laid in ruins, NERV has been dismantled, and people who he once protected have turned against him. Befriending the enigmatic Kaworu Nagisa, Shinji continues the fight against the angels and realizes the fighting is far from over, even when it could be against his former allies. The characters' struggles continue amidst the battles against the angels and each other, spiraling down to what could inevitably be the end of the world.
Title: Drunken Master | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: A mischievous young man is sent to hone his martial arts skills with an older, alcoholic kung fu master.
Title: Dark City | Genres: mystery, science fiction | Overview: A man struggles with memories of his past, including a wife he cannot remember, in a nightmarish world with no sun and run by beings with telekinetic powers who seek the souls of humans.
Title: The Handmaiden | Genres: thriller, drama, romance | Overview: 1930s Korea, in the period of Japanese occupation, a young woman is hired as a handmaiden to a Japanese heiress who lives a secluded life on a large countryside estate with her domineering uncle, but she's involved in something greater that will soon be revealed.
Title: Daddy's Home | Genres: comedy | Overview: The story of a mild-mannered radio executive who strives to become the best stepdad ever to his wife's two children, but complications ensue when their freewheeling, freeloading real father arrives, forcing stepdad to compete for the affection of the kids.
Title: Hard Target | Genres: action | Overview: When a woman's father goes missing, she enlists a local to aid in her search. The pair soon discover that her father has died at the hands of a wealthy sportsman who hunts homeless men as a form of recreation.
Title: Red Riding Hood | Genres: fantasy, thriller, horror | Overview: Valerie is in love with a brooding outsider, Peter, but her parents have arranged for her to marry another man – who is wealthy. Unwilling to lose each other, Valerie and Peter plan to run away together when they learn that Valerie's older sister has been killed by a werewolf that prowls the dark forest surrounding their village. Hungry for revenge, the people call on famed werewolf hunter, Father Solomon, to help them kill the wolf. But Solomon's arrival brings unintended consequences as he warns that the wolf, who takes human form by day, could be any one of them.
Title: The Favourite | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: England, early 18th century. The close relationship between Queen Anne and Sarah Churchill is threatened by the arrival of Sarah's cousin, Abigail Hill, resulting in a bitter rivalry between the two cousins to be the Queen's favourite.
Title: CHiPS | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: The adventures of two California Highway Patrol motorcycle officers as they make their rounds on the freeways of Los Angeles.
Title: Camp Cool Kids | Genres: family | Overview: Encouraged by his quirky grandfather, a young boy faces his fears at summer camp.
Title: New Nightmare | Genres: horror, mystery, fantasy | Overview: As Heather Langenkamp considers making another Nightmare on Elm Street film with Wes Craven, her son, Dylan, falls under the spell of the iconic disfigured villain Freddy Krueger. Eventually, Langenkamp must confront Freddy's demonic spirit to save the soul of Dylan.
Title: Wild Wild West | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, science fiction, western | Overview: Legless Southern inventor Dr. Arliss Loveless plans to rekindle the Civil War by assassinating President U.S. Grant. Only two men can stop him: gunfighter James West and master-of-disguise and inventor Artemus Gordon. The two must team up to thwart Loveless' plans.
Title: In the Heart of the Sea | Genres: thriller, drama, adventure, action, history | Overview: In the winter of 1820, the New England whaling ship Essex is assaulted by something no one could believe—a whale of mammoth size and will, and an almost human sense of vengeance.
Title: Slumdog Millionaire | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Jamal Malik is an impoverished Indian teen who becomes a contestant on the Hindi version of ‘Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?’ but, after he wins, he is suspected of cheating.
Title: The Woman in the Window | Genres: drama, crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: An agoraphobic woman living alone in New York begins spying on her new neighbors only to witness a disturbing act of violence.
"Title: Evangelion: 1.0 You Are (Not) Alone | Genres: animation, science fiction, action, drama | Overview: After the Second Impact, Tokyo-3 is being attacked by giant monsters called Angels that seek to eradicate humankind. The child Shinji's objective is to fight the Angels by piloting one of the mysterious Evangelion mecha units. A remake of the first six episodes of GAINAX's famous 1996 anime series. The film was retitled ""Evangelion: 1.01"" for its home video version and ""Evangelion: 1.11"" for a release with additional scenes."
Title: Commando | Genres: action, adventure, thriller | Overview: John Matrix, the former leader of a special commando strike force that always got the toughest jobs done, is forced back into action when his young daughter is kidnapped. To find her, Matrix has to fight his way through an array of punks, killers, one of his former commandos, and a fully equipped private army. With the help of a feisty stewardess and an old friend, Matrix has only a few hours to overcome his greatest challenge: finding his daughter before she's killed.
Title: Joseph | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The Biblical story of Joseph, who was sold to slavery by his brothers who were jealous of his prophetic abilities to analyze dreams and of his being their fathers' favorite.
Title: The Last Mark | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: After a young woman witnesses a mob hit, a seasoned assassin and his psychotic partner must track her down before she turns them in, but she proves to be the hardest mark to kill.
Title: Open Season | Genres: animation, family, adventure, comedy | Overview: Boog, a domesticated 900lb. Grizzly bear finds himself stranded in the woods 3 days before Open Season. Forced to rely on Elliot, a fast-talking mule deer, the two form an unlikely friendship and must quickly rally other forest animals if they are to form a rag-tag army against the hunters.
Title: Barbie Presents: Thumbelina | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Meet a tiny girl named Thumbelina who lives in harmony with nature in the magical world of the Twillerbees that's hidden among the wildflowers. At the whim of a spoiled young girl named Makena, Thumbelina and her two friends have their patch of wildflowers uprooted and are transported to a lavish apartment in the city.
Title: Snatch | Genres: crime, comedy | Overview: Unscrupulous boxing promoters, violent bookmakers, a Russian gangster, incompetent amateur robbers and supposedly Jewish jewelers fight to track down a priceless stolen diamond.
Title: Groundhog Day | Genres: romance, fantasy, drama, comedy | Overview: A narcissistic TV weatherman, along with his attractive-but-distant producer, and his mawkish cameraman, is sent to report on Groundhog Day in the small town of Punxsutawney, where he finds himself repeating the same day over and over.
Title: The Lego Star Wars Holiday Special | Genres: animation, family, adventure, comedy, science fiction | Overview: As her friends prep for a Life Day holiday celebration, Rey journeys with BB-8 on a quest to gain a deeper knowledge of the Force at a mysterious Jedi Temple. There, she embarks on a cross-timeline adventure through beloved moments in Star Wars history, coming into contact with iconic heroes and villains from all eras of the saga. But will she make it back in time for the Life Day feast?
Title: National Treasure | Genres: adventure, action, thriller, mystery | Overview: Modern treasure hunters, led by archaeologist Ben Gates, search for a chest of riches rumored to have been stashed away by George Washington, Thomas Jefferson and Benjamin Franklin during the Revolutionary War. The chest's whereabouts may lie in secret clues embedded in the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence, and Gates is in a race to find the gold before his enemies do.
Title: American Gangster | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Following the death of his employer and mentor, Bumpy Johnson, Frank Lucas establishes himself as the number one importer of heroin in the Harlem district of Manhattan. He does so by buying heroin directly from the source in South East Asia and he comes up with a unique way of importing the drugs into the United States. Partly based on a true story.
Title: Fucking Different XXX | Genres: drama | Overview: In Fucking Different XXX, the passion for explicit sex scenes brought eight international filmmakers together. The eight short films shot in Paris, Berlin and San Francisco are about intensive sex, quick sex, romantic sex, funny sex, the first sex, and the last sex. The range goes from a lesbian quickie in the toilet, a bloodthirsty orgy, romantic fisting all the way to wet teenage dreams. The result is a never seen before look upon sexual tastes and varieties, far from clichés, with a fresh and sometimes humorous approach.
Title: Momentum | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: When Alex, an infiltration expert with a secret past, accidentally reveals her identity during what should have been a routine heist, she quickly finds herself mixed up in a government conspiracy and entangled in a deadly game of cat-and-mouse with a master assassin and his team of killers. Armed with her own set of lethal skills, Alex looks to exact revenge for her murdered friends while uncovering the truth.
Title: Jurassic World: Dominion - Prologue | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: The world was overtaken by dinosaurs after the events of Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom. 65 million years ago a mosquito bites a dinosaur in the prehistoric landscape of the cretaceous period and recreates the iconic scene from the first Jurassic Park movie. Meanwhile in present time a T. Rex interrupts a drive-in movie presentation.
Title: Man on a Ledge | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: An ex-cop turned con threatens to jump to his death from a Manhattan hotel rooftop. The NYPD dispatch a female police psychologist to talk him down. However, unbeknownst to the police on the scene, the suicide attempt is a cover for the biggest diamond heist ever pulled.
Title: The Man with the Iron Fists 2 | Genres: action | Overview: When a stranger, Thaddeus, is found badly wounded near the village, miner Li Kung and his wife Ah Ni offer him refuge. As he heals, he becomes entrenched in a conflict that pits the townsfolk against the evil Master Ho, his nefarious Beetle Clan and the terrifying Lord Pi.
"Title: Bring It On: Worldwide #Cheersmack | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: When Destiny, captain of three-time national champions ""The Rebels,"" is challenged to a global cheer showdown by an edgy new team called ""The Truth,"" the Cheer Goddess organizes a virtual battle for squads from all around the world. It seems like the whole world wants to take down Destiny and her team, and they just might succeed, unless Destiny can rise to the challenge, set her ego aside and figure out who her real friends are."
Title: Talk Sex | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: An attractive radio hot line worker becomes romantically involved with callers.
Title: Brick Mansions | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: In a dystopian Detroit, grand houses that once housed the wealthy are now homes of the city's most-dangerous criminals. Surrounding the area is a giant wall to keep the rest of Detroit safe. For undercover cop Damien Collier, every day is a battle against corruption as he struggles to bring his father's killer, Tremaine, to justice. Meanwhile, Damien and an ex-con named Lino work together to save the city from a plot to destroy it.
Title: The Legend of the Nahuala | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: Leo San Juan, an insecure child of nine years old, lives eternally frightened by horror stories that Nando tells his older brother. Within these stories it is 'The Legend of Nahuala', according to which, an old abandoned Casona is possessed by the spirit of an evil witch known as the Nahuala.
Title: Stand by Me | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: Gordie, Chris, Teddy and Vern are four friends who decide to hike to find the corpse of Ray Brower, a local teenager, who was hit by a train while plucking blueberries in the wild.
Title: Valentine's Day | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: More than a dozen Angelenos navigate Valentine's Day from early morning until midnight. Three couples awake together, but each relationship will sputter. A grade-school boy wants flowers for his first true love. Two high school seniors plan first-time sex at noon. A TV sports reporter gets the assignment to find romance in LA. A star quarterback contemplates his future. Two strangers meet on a plane. Grandparents, together for years, face a crisis. An 'I Hate Valentine's Day' dinner beckons the lonely and the lied to.
Title: You Again | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: History -- make that high school -- may repeat itself when Marni learns that Joanna, the mean girl from her past, is set to be her sister-in-law. Before the wedding bells toll, Marni must show her brother that a tiger doesn't change its stripes. On Marni's side is her mother, while Joanna's backed by her wealthy aunt.
Title: Witching & Bitching | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: A gang of gold thieves lands in a coven of witches who are preparing for an ancient ritual... and in need of a sacrifice.
Title: Silent Hill: Revelation 3D | Genres: thriller, horror, mystery | Overview: Heather Mason and her father have been on the run, always one step ahead of dangerous forces that she doesn't fully understand, Now on the eve of her 18th birthday, plagued by horrific nightmares and the disappearance of her father, Heather discovers she's not who she thinks she is. The revelation leads her deeper into a demonic world that threatens to trap her forever.
Title: Hocus Pocus | Genres: comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: After 300 years of slumber, three sister witches are accidentally resurrected in Salem on Halloween night, and it is up to three kids and their newfound feline friend to put an end to the witches' reign of terror once and for all.
Title: 2067 | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: A lowly utility worker is called to the future by a mysterious radio signal, he must leave his dying wife to embark on a journey that will force him to face his deepest fears in an attempt to change the fabric of reality and save humankind from its greatest environmental crisis yet.
Title: The Little Prince | Genres: adventure, animation, fantasy, family | Overview: Based on the best-seller book 'The Little Prince', the movie tells the story of a little girl that lives with resignation in a world where efficiency and work are the only dogmas. Everything will change when accidentally she discovers her neighbor that will tell her about the story of the Little Prince that he once met.
"Title: West Side Story | Genres: crime, drama, romance | Overview: In the slums of the upper West Side of Manhattan, New York, a gang of Polish-American teenagers called the Jets compete with a rival gang of recently immigrated Puerto Ricans, the Sharks, to ""own"" the neighborhood streets. Tensions are high between the gangs but two kids, one from each rival gang, fall in love leading to tragedy."
Title: Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates | Genres: comedy | Overview: Mike and Dave are young, adventurous, fun-loving brothers who tend to get out of control at family gatherings. When their sister Jeanie reveals her Hawaiian wedding plans, the rest of the Stangles insist that the brothers bring respectable dates. After placing an ad on Craigslist, the siblings decide to pick Tatiana and Alice, two charming and seemingly normal women. Once they arrive on the island, however, Mike and Dave realize that their companions are ready to get wild and party.
Title: Patriots Day | Genres: action, crime, drama, history, thriller | Overview: In the aftermath of an unspeakable act of terror, Police Sergeant Tommy Saunders joins courageous survivors, first responders and investigators in a race against the clock to hunt down the Boston Marathon bombers before they strike again.
"Title: The Black Devil and the White Prince | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Yu Akahane moves to a dormitory room after her father's transfer from work. She is excited that she will live in the same dorm as Takumi Shirakawa aka ""White Prince."" Yet, Haruto Kurosaki aka ""Black Devil"" kisses her as punishment for going against him. It is Yu Akahane’s first kiss. Since then, she becomes obedient to Haruto Kurosaki."
Title: Leprechaun Returns | Genres: horror, fantasy, comedy | Overview: A group of unwitting sorority sisters accidentally awaken the serial-killing Leprechaun after they build a sorority house on his hunting grounds.
Title: Tron | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: As Kevin Flynn searches for proof that he invented a hit video game, he is 'digitized' by a laser and finds himself inside 'The Grid', where programs suffer under the tyrannical rule of the Master Control Program (MCP). With the help of a security program called 'TRON', Flynn seeks to free The Grid from the MCP.
Title: The Debt Collector | Genres: action | Overview: A classically-trained martial artist goes to work as a debt collector for the mob. The job seems easy enough, until one “client” pulls him into a situation deeper than could ever be expected.
Title: Tombstone | Genres: western, action | Overview: Legendary marshal Wyatt Earp, now a weary gunfighter, joins his brothers Morgan and Virgil to pursue their collective fortune in the thriving mining town of Tombstone. But Earp is forced to don a badge again and get help from his notorious pal Doc Holliday when a gang of renegade brigands and rustlers begins terrorizing the town.
Title: EuroTrip | Genres: comedy | Overview: When Scott learns that his longtime cyber-buddy from Berlin is a gorgeous young woman, he and his friends embark on a trip across Europe.
Title: Jungle | Genres: adventure, drama, thriller | Overview: In 1981, an enthusiastic young adventurer follows his dreams into the Bolivian Amazon jungle with two friends and a guide with a mysterious past. Their journey quickly turns into a terrifying ordeal as the darkest elements of human nature and the deadliest threats of the wilderness lead to an all-out fight for survival.
Title: Barbie Mariposa & the Fairy Princess | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: Mariposa becomes the Royal Ambassador of Flutterfield, and is sent to bring peace between her fairy land and their rivals, the Crystal Fairies of Shimmervale. While Mariposa doesn't make a great first impression on the King, she becomes fast friends with his shy daughter, Princess Catania. However, a misunderstanding causes Mariposa to be banished from their fairy land. As Mariposa and Zee returns to Flutterfield, they encounter a dark fairy on her way to destroy Shimmervale. Mariposa rushes back and helps Princess Catania to save their fairy land and together, the two girls prove that the best way to make a friend, is to be a friend.
Title: El Camino: A Breaking Bad Movie | Genres: crime, drama, thriller, action | Overview: In the wake of his dramatic escape from captivity, Jesse Pinkman must come to terms with his past in order to forge some kind of future.
Title: Big Momma's House | Genres: crime, comedy | Overview: When a street-smart FBI agent is sent to Georgia to protect a beautiful single mother and her son from an escaped convict, he is forced to impersonate a crass Southern granny known as Big Momma in order to remain incognito.
Title: Ride Along 2 | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: As his wedding day approaches, Ben heads to Miami with his soon-to-be brother-in-law James to bring down a drug dealer who's supplying the dealers of Atlanta with product.
Title: The Quake | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A geologist races against time to save his estranged wife and two children when a devastating earthquake strikes Oslo, Norway.
Title: Planes: Fire & Rescue | Genres: animation, comedy, adventure, family | Overview: When world-famous air racer Dusty learns that his engine is damaged and he may never race again, he must shift gears and is launched into the world of aerial firefighting. Dusty joins forces with veteran fire and rescue helicopter Blade Ranger and his team, a bunch of all-terrain vehicles known as The Smokejumpers. Together, the fearless team battles a massive wildfire, and Dusty learns what it takes to become a true hero.
Title: Ben 10: Secret of the Omnitrix | Genres: animation, science fiction, family | Overview: After a battle in a power plant, Ben notices something strange is happening with the omnitrix, but doesn't tell anyone. Tetrax arrives, and tells them the omnitrix is broadcasting a self destruct signal. Tetrax and Ben go to find the creator of the omnitrix to fix the omnitrix before it destroys itself and the universe along with it. Gwen stows away to help her cousin.
"Title: Evil Dead II | Genres: horror, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Ash Williams and his girlfriend Linda find a log cabin in the woods with a voice recording from an archeologist who had recorded himself reciting ancient chants from ""The Book of the Dead."" As they play the recording an evil power is unleashed taking over Linda's body."
Title: X-Rated: The Greatest Adult Movies of All Time | Genres: documentary | Overview: The evolution of adult cinema through the most influential films in history, a journey that begins in the 1970s and ends nowadays. An in-depth analysis of the success of the most prestigious erotic films, their impact on industry and society, and their influence on cinema and contemporary culture.
Title: Ip Man 3 | Genres: action, drama, history | Overview: When a band of brutal gangsters led by a crooked property developer make a play to take over the city, Master Ip is forced to take a stand.
Title: Superman/Shazam!: The Return of Black Adam | Genres: animation, action, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: Chosen the world’s protector against the Seven Deadly Enemies of Man – pride, envy, greed, hatred, selfishness, laziness and injustice – young Billy Batson accepts his destiny as Captain Marvel. Battling alongside Superman against nefarious Black Adam, Billy soon discovers the challenge super heroes ultimately face: is it revenge or justice?
Title: The Mask of Zorro | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: It has been twenty years since Don Diego de la Vega fought Spanish oppression in Alta California as the legendary romantic hero, Zorro. Having escaped from prison he transforms troubled bandit Alejandro into his successor, in order to foil the plans of the tyrannical Don Rafael Montero who robbed him of his freedom, his wife and his precious daughter.
Title: Row 19 | Genres: horror | Overview: A young female doctor and her 6-year-old daughter are on an overnight flight in a violent storm. When passengers on the half-empty plane inexplicably begin to die, the woman’s grip on reality weakens and she is forced to relive her worst childhood nightmare.
Title: General Cemetery | Genres: horror | Overview: Set in Iquitos, the story follows Andrea (Airam Galliani), a 15-years-ago teenage girl, who suffers the death of his father. With the help of his friends from school, encourage her to contact him using the ouija. However, this triggers a series of terrifying events.
Title: Wildflower | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: When a college student starts having a reoccurring nightmare, she begins to believe that it's a suppressed memory. Her search to find the answers forces her to confront her past traumas, while at the same time, helps her unlock a mystery that may bring a killer to justice.
Title: Dancing Queens | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: The story of Dylan Pettersson, a 23-year-old girl from a small island in the Swedish archipelago with big dancing aspirations.
Title: Harmonie | Genres: animation, drama | Overview: Every person has his or her own little world. Among the 34 bustling students of classroom 2-1, there are many such worlds. Akio Honjou's world—my world—is filled with passionate talk about last night's anime with Yoshida, Watanabe, and other friends. It's an fun, comfortable place... But, I always wonder. Wonder about the world of Juri Makina, smiling and surrounded by gorgeous friends on the other side of the classroom. One day, I enter her world. But it's not as simple as it sounds.
Title: Do You Believe? | Genres: fantasy, drama | Overview: When a pastor is shaken by the visible faith of a street-corner preacher, he is reminded that true belief always requires action. His response ignites a journey that impacts everyone it touches in ways that only God could orchestrate.
Title: Planet of the Apes | Genres: science fiction, adventure, drama, action | Overview: An U.S. Spaceship lands on a desolate planet, stranding astronaut Taylor in a world dominated by apes, 2000 years into the future, who use a primitive race of humans for experimentation and sport. Soon Taylor finds himself among the hunted, his life in the hands of a benevolent chimpanzee scientist.
Title: Mars Needs Moms | Genres: adventure, animation, family | Overview: When Martians suddenly abduct his mom, mischievous Milo rushes to the rescue and discovers why all moms are so special.
Title: Monster Trucks | Genres: action, comedy, science fiction | Overview: Tripp is a high school senior with a knack for building trucks who makes an incredible discovery - a gas-guzzling creature named Creech. To protect his mischievous new friend, Tripp hides Creech under the hood of his latest creation, turning it into a real-life super-powered Monster Truck. Together, this unlikely duo with a shared taste for speed team up on a wild and unforgettable journey to reunite Creech with his family.
Title: Avatar: Creating the World of Pandora | Genres: documentary | Overview: The Making-of James Cameron's Avatar. It shows interesting parts of the work on the set.
Title: Moon | Genres: science fiction, drama | Overview: With only three weeks left in his three year contract, Sam Bell is getting anxious to finally return to Earth. He is the only occupant of a Moon-based manufacturing facility along with his computer and assistant, GERTY. When he has an accident however, he wakens to find that he is not alone.
Title: Justin Bieber: Our World | Genres: music, documentary | Overview: After a three-year hiatus from a full performance, and with concert venues shut down due to the pandemic, Bieber delivers an electrifying show to close out 2020 on the rooftop of the Beverly Hilton Hotel for 240 invited guests—and millions of fans across the globe watching via livestream. The film follows Bieber and his close-knit team in the month leading up to the show, as they rehearse and construct a monumental stage while adhering to strict health and safety protocols. The film also captures personal, self-shot moments between Bieber and his wife Hailey.
Title: The Messenger: The Story of Joan of Arc | Genres: adventure, drama, action, history, war | Overview: In 1429 a teenage girl from a remote French village stood before her King with a message she claimed came from God; that she would defeat the world's greatest army and liberate her country from its political and religious turmoil. Following her mission to reclaim god's diminished kingdom - through her amazing victories until her violent and untimely death.
Title: Jackass: The Movie | Genres: comedy, action, documentary | Overview: Johnny Knoxville and his band of maniacs perform a variety of stunts and gross-out gags on the big screen for the first time. They wander around Japan in panda outfits, wreak havoc on a once civilized golf course, they even do stunts involving LIVE alligators, and so on.
Title: What Men Want | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Magically able to hear what men are thinking, a sports agent uses her newfound ability to turn the tables on her overbearing male colleagues.
Title: What Women Want | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Advertising executive Nick Marshall is as cocky as they come, but what happens to a chauvinistic guy when he can suddenly hear what women are thinking? Nick gets passed over for a promotion, but after an accident enables him to hear women's thoughts, he puts his newfound talent to work against Darcy, his new boss, who seems to be infatuated with him.
Title: Diamonds Are Forever | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: Diamonds are stolen only to be sold again in the international market. James Bond infiltrates a smuggling mission to find out who's guilty. The mission takes him to Las Vegas where Bond meets his archenemy Blofeld.
Title: Throne of Elves | Genres: fantasy, animation, family | Overview: In the mythical Elven world of Altera, an epic battle unfolds between the beautiful Princess Liya and the Dark Elf Elena, who has gained possession of a jewel so powerful it allows its holder complete authority over all Alterans.
Title: District 13: Ultimatum | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: Damien and Leito return to District 13 on a mission to bring peace to the troubled sector that is controlled by five different gang bosses, before the city’s secret services take drastic measures to solve the problem.
Title: Contagion | Genres: drama, thriller, science fiction | Overview: As an epidemic of a lethal airborne virus - that kills within days - rapidly grows, the worldwide medical community races to find a cure and control the panic that spreads faster than the virus itself.
Title: Cheaper by the Dozen 2 | Genres: comedy, family, adventure | Overview: Steve Martin and Bonnie Hunt return as heads of the Baker family who, while on vacation, find themselves in competition with a rival family of eight children, headed by Eugene Levy,
Title: FernGully: The Last Rainforest | Genres: family, fantasy, animation, adventure | Overview: When a sprite named Crysta shrinks a human boy, Zak, down to her size, he vows to help the magical fairy folk stop a greedy logging company from destroying their home: the pristine rainforest known as FernGully. Zak and his new friends fight to defend FernGully from lumberjacks — and the vengeful spirit they accidentally unleash after chopping down a magic tree.
Title: Reaptown | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: In this supernatural horror film, Carrie Baldwin is freed from prison under the conditions of a work-release program in Reaptown, Nevada. As she struggles to find her missing sister while working the night shift as a security guard for the Reaptown Railway Museum, Carrie soon finds herself in the presence of evil. Could the Railway hold the clues to her sister's mysterious disappearance?
Title: Pokémon: The Rise of Darkrai | Genres: family, adventure, animation, fantasy, action | Overview: Ash and friends (this time accompanied by newcomer Dawn) arrive at an idyllic village on their way to their next Pokemon contest, where chaos will soon erupt with the prophecy of two Pokemon Gods (Dialga and Palkia) and the arrival of a mysterious, seemingly deadly Pokemon named Darkrai, which has the power to distort space and time.
Title: Speed Racer | Genres: family, action, adventure, comedy | Overview: Speed Racer is the tale of a young and brilliant racing driver. When corruption in the racing leagues costs his brother his life, he must team up with the police and the mysterious Racer X to bring an end to the corruption and criminal activities. Inspired by the cartoon series.
Title: Pokémon: The First Movie - Mewtwo Strikes Back | Genres: animation, family, adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: The adventure explodes into action with the debut of Mewtwo, a bio-engineered Pokémon created from the DNA of Mew, the rarest of all Pokémon. Determined to prove its superiority, Mewtwo lures Satoshi, Pikachu and others into a Pokémon match like none before. Mewtwo vs. Mew. Super-clones vs. Pokémon. It's the ultimate showdown ... with the very future of the world at stake!
Title: Searching | Genres: thriller, mystery, drama | Overview: After David Kim's 16-year-old daughter goes missing, a local investigation is opened and a detective is assigned to the case. But 37 hours later and without a single lead, David decides to search the one place no one has looked yet, where all secrets are kept today: his daughter's laptop.
Title: The 100 Candles Game | Genres: horror | Overview: A group of friends must confront their fears in a terrifying game. They must sit by the other players in a circle made of a hundred candles, take one of them and tell a horror story. As stories are told and candles blown out, strange events will start to happen. They will feel strange presences around them, lurking in the shadows. But they MUST NOT leave the game or else a terrible curse will fall upon them...
Title: Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam | Genres: comedy, music, tv movie | Overview: Mitchie can't wait to go back to Camp Rock and spend the summer making new music with her friends and superstar Shane Gray. But the slick new camp across the lake, Camp Star, has drummed up some serious competition – featuring newcomers Luke and Dana. In a sensational battle of the bands, with Camp Rock's future at stake, will Camp Star's flashy production and over-the-top antics win out, or will Camp Rockers prove that music, teamwork, and spirit are what truly matter?
Title: Acts of Vengeance | Genres: thriller, action, drama | Overview: A fast-talking lawyer transforms his body and takes a vow of silence, not to be broken until he finds out who killed his wife and daughter and has his revenge.
Title: No Country for Old Men | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Llewelyn Moss stumbles upon dead bodies, $2 million and a hoard of heroin in a Texas desert, but methodical killer Anton Chigurh comes looking for it, with local sheriff Ed Tom Bell hot on his trail. The roles of prey and predator blur as the violent pursuit of money and justice collide.
Title: The Lucky One | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: U.S. Marine Sergeant Logan Thibault returns from his third tour of duty in Iraq, with the one thing he credits with keeping him alive-a photograph he found of a woman he doesn't even know. Learning her name is Beth and where she lives, he shows up at her door, and ends up taking a job at her family-run local kennel. Despite her initial mistrust and the complications in her life, a romance develops between them, giving Logan hope that Beth could be much more than his good luck charm.
Title: New Initial D the Movie - Legend 3: Dream | Genres: action, animation, drama | Overview: Mt. Akina's new downhill racing hero Fujiwara Takumi prepares for the final showdown against Red Sun's unbeaten leader and Akagi's fastest driver, Takahashi Ryosuke.
Title: How to Be Single | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: New York City is full of lonely hearts seeking the right match, and what Alice, Robin, Lucy, Meg, Tom and David all have in common is the need to learn how to be single in a world filled with ever-evolving definitions of love.
Title: Surrogates | Genres: science fiction, action, thriller | Overview: Set in a futuristic world where humans live in isolation and interact through surrogate robots, a cop is forced to leave his home for the first time in years in order to investigate the murders of others' surrogates.
Title: Enter the Dragon | Genres: action | Overview: A martial artist agrees to spy on a reclusive crime lord using his invitation to a tournament there as cover.
Title: One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest | Genres: drama | Overview: While serving time for insanity at a state mental hospital, implacable rabble-rouser, Randle Patrick McMurphy, inspires his fellow patients to rebel against the authoritarian rule of head nurse, Mildred Ratched.
Title: The Land Before Time: The Great Valley Adventure | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: After his tribe of herbivorous dinosaurs moves to the carnivore-free Peaceful Valley, young Littlefoot and his friends chase after a pair of dangerous dinosaurs stealing an egg from the village. While running, they accidentally cause a landslide that opens up their home to outsiders. When the egg they bring back and hatch reveals not one of their own, but a carnivorous tyrannosaurus, the youngsters decide to secretly raise it.
Title: Bliss | Genres: science fiction, romance, drama | Overview: A mind-bending love story following Greg who, after recently being divorced and then fired, meets the mysterious Isabel, a woman living on the streets and convinced that the polluted, broken world around them is just a computer simulation. Doubtful at first, Greg eventually discovers there may be some truth to Isabel’s wild conspiracy.
Title: The Light Between Oceans | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A lighthouse keeper and his wife living off the coast of Western Australia raise a baby they rescue from an adrift rowboat.
Title: Dear Rider: The Jake Burton Story | Genres: documentary | Overview: An irreverent entrepreneur overcomes a series of adversities to create a new sport- and unexpectedly launches a global cultural phenomenon: snowboarding.
Title: Prison Break: The Final Break | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: The movie covers the events which occurred in between the downfall of The Company and the finale of the TV series (SEASON 4). It details the arrest and incarceration of Sara Tancredi, the final escape plan which Michael devises for Sara, and reveals the ultimate fate of Gretchen Morgan.
Title: Captain Phillips | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: The true story of Captain Richard Phillips and the 2009 hijacking by Somali pirates of the US-flagged MV Maersk Alabama, the first American cargo ship to be hijacked in two hundred years.
Title: A Movie of Eggs | Genres: animation, comedy | Overview: A small egg named Toto decides that he wants to fulfill his purpose in life and become a chicken instead of dying in a frying pan; so he starts a quest to return to the farms along with his new friend, the noisy egg Willy and a crazy bacon stripe. The three friends will face lot of obstacles in their quest.
Title: Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: Cheese-loving eccentric Wallace and his cunning canine pal, Gromit, investigate a mystery in Nick Park's animated adventure, in which the lovable inventor and his intrepid pup run a business ridding the town of garden pests. Using only humane methods that turn their home into a halfway house for evicted vermin, the pair stumble upon a mystery involving a voracious vegetarian monster that threatens to ruin the annual veggie-growing contest.
Title: Peter Pan | Genres: adventure, fantasy, family | Overview: In stifling Edwardian London, Wendy Darling mesmerizes her brothers every night with bedtime tales of swordplay, swashbuckling and the fearsome Captain Hook. But the children become the heroes of an even greater story, when Peter Pan flies into their nursery one night and leads them over moonlit rooftops through a galaxy of stars and to the lush jungles of Neverland.
Title: Mama | Genres: horror | Overview: Guillermo del Toro presents Mama, a supernatural thriller that tells the haunting tale of two little girls who disappeared into the woods the day that their parents were killed. When they are rescued years later and begin a new life, they find that someone or something still wants to come tuck them in at night.
Title: The Diary of Anne Frank | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The true, harrowing story of a young Jewish girl who, with her family and their friends, is forced into hiding in an attic in Nazi-occupied Amsterdam.
Title: Trolls Holiday | Genres: adventure, animation, family, fantasy | Overview: When the eternally optimistic Poppy, queen of the Trolls, learns that the Bergens no longer have any holidays on their calendar, she enlists the help of Branch and the rest of the gang on a delightfully quirky mission to fix something that the Bergens don't think is broken.
Title: Jurassic Park | Genres: adventure, science fiction | Overview: A wealthy entrepreneur secretly creates a theme park featuring living dinosaurs drawn from prehistoric DNA. Before opening day, he invites a team of experts and his two eager grandchildren to experience the park and help calm anxious investors. However, the park is anything but amusing as the security systems go off-line and the dinosaurs escape.
Title: The Good Son | Genres: thriller | Overview: A young boy stays with his aunt and uncle, and befriends his cousin who's the same age. But his cousin begins showing increasing signs of psychotic behavior.
Title: Cruel Intentions | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Slaking a thirst for dangerous games, Kathryn challenges her stepbrother, Sebastian, to deflower their headmaster's daughter before the summer ends. If he succeeds, the prize is the chance to bed Kathryn. But if he loses, Kathryn will claim his most prized possession.
Title: Planet 51 | Genres: family, comedy, science fiction, adventure, animation | Overview: When Earth astronaut Capt. Chuck Baker arrives on Planet 51 -- a world reminiscent of American suburbia circa 1950 -- he tries to avoid capture, recover his spaceship and make it home safely, all with the help of an empathetic little green being.
Title: Police Academy | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: New rules enforced by the Lady Mayoress mean that sex, weight, height and intelligence need no longer be a factor for joining the Police Force. This opens the floodgates for all and sundry to enter the Police Academy, much to the chagrin of the instructors. Not everyone is there through choice, though. Social misfit Mahoney has been forced to sign up as the only alternative to a jail sentence and it doesn't take long before he falls foul of the boorish Lieutenant Harris. But before long, Mahoney realises that he is enjoying being a police cadet and decides he wants to stay... while Harris decides he wants Mahoney out!
Title: Fantastic Mr. Fox | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: The Fantastic Mr. Fox bored with his current life, plans a heist against the three local farmers. The farmers, tired of sharing their chickens with the sly fox, seek revenge against him and his family.
Title: Risen | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Clavius, a powerful Roman military tribune, and his aide, Lucius, are tasked with solving the mystery of what happened to Jesus in the weeks following the crucifixion, in order to disprove the rumors of a risen Messiah and prevent an uprising in Jerusalem.
Title: Pokémon 3: The Movie - Spell of the Unown | Genres: adventure, fantasy, animation, action, family | Overview: When Me Snowdon's sadness of her father's disappearance get to her, she unknowingly uses the Unknown to create her own dream world along with Entei, who she believes to be her father. When Entei kidnaps Satoshi's mother, Satoshi along with Kasumi & Takeshi invade the mansion looking for his mom and trying to stop the mysteries of Me's Dream World and Entei!
Title: All Saints | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: ALL SAINTS is based on the inspiring true story of salesman-turned-pastor Michael Spurlock, the tiny church he was ordered to shut down, and a group of refugees from Southeast Asia. Together, they risked everything to plant seeds for a future that might just save them all.
Title: Immortal Demon Slayer | Genres: fantasy, action, adventure | Overview: The story tells the story of Sun Wukong and Erlang Shen, who come to the Immortal Mountain to cultivate their skills. They gain friendship, experience love and ultimately betrayal, growing throughout their life journey.
Title: Azor | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Yvan De Wiel, a private banker from Geneva, is going to Argentina in the midst of a dictatorship to replace his partner, the object of the most worrying rumors, who disappeared overnight. Between hushed lounges, swimming pools, and gardens under surveillance, a remote duel takes place between two bankers who, despite different methods, are the accomplices of a discreet and merciless form of colonization.
Title: Wish Upon | Genres: horror, thriller, fantasy | Overview: A teenage girl discovers a box with magical powers, but those powers comes with a deadly price.
Title: Tremors 5: Bloodlines | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, horror, science fiction | Overview: The giant, man-eating Graboids are back and even deadlier than before, terrorizing the inhabitants of a South African wildlife reserve as they attack from below-and above.
Title: The Banker | Genres: drama | Overview: In the 1960s, two entrepreneurs hatch an ingenious business plan to fight for housing integration—and equal access to the American Dream.
Title: Rage | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: When the Russian mob kidnaps the daughter of a reformed criminal, he rounds up his old crew and seeks his own brand of justice.
"Title: The Host | Genres: action, adventure, romance, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A parasitic alien soul is injected into the body of Melanie Stryder. Instead of carrying out her race's mission of taking over the Earth, ""Wanda"" (as she comes to be called) forms a bond with her host and sets out to aid other free humans."
Title: Return of the Living Dead III | Genres: science fiction, horror | Overview: Having recently witnessed the horrific results of a top secret project to bring the dead back to life, a distraught teenager performs the operation on his girlfriend after she's killed in a motorcycle accident.
Title: Lady and the Tramp | Genres: family, romance, comedy | Overview: The love story between a pampered Cocker Spaniel named Lady and a streetwise mongrel named Tramp. Lady finds herself out on the street after her owners have a baby and is saved from a pack by Tramp, who tries to show her to live her life footloose and collar-free.
Title: The Book of Esther | Genres: drama | Overview: When Ester becomes King Xerxes’ queen, her Cousin Mordecai and that despicable Haman engage in a dangerous game of intrigue for control of the young Persian King Xerxes.
Title: Death Note: The Last Name | Genres: fantasy, thriller, mystery | Overview: In the second installment of the Death Note film franchise, Light Yagami meets a second Kira and faithful follower Misa Amane and her Shinigami named Rem. Light attempts to defeat L along with Teru Mikami (a Kira follower) and Kiyomi Takada (another Kira follower) but in the end will Light win? or will a Shinigami named Ryuk make all the difference in Light's victory or his ultimate death?
"Title: The Girl Who Leapt Through Time | Genres: fantasy, animation, drama, science fiction | Overview: When 17-year-old Makoto Konno gains the ability to, quite literally, ""leap"" backwards through time, she immediately sets about improving her grades and preventing personal mishaps. However, she soon realises that changing the past isn't as simple as it seems, and eventually, will have to rely on her new powers to shape the future of herself and her friends."
Title: Max | Genres: adventure, drama | Overview: A dog that helped soldiers in Afghanistan returns to the U.S. and is adopted by his handler's family after suffering a traumatic experience.
Title: The Secret Lives of College Freshmen | Genres: tv movie, thriller | Overview: A college freshman moves into the perfect dorm on campus, but soon discovers the previous resident died under mysterious circumstances. Believing the girl was murdered, she tries to uncover the identity of the killer before it's too late.
Title: Gravity | Genres: science fiction, thriller, drama | Overview: Dr. Ryan Stone, a brilliant medical engineer on her first Shuttle mission, with veteran astronaut Matt Kowalsky in command of his last flight before retiring. But on a seemingly routine spacewalk, disaster strikes. The Shuttle is destroyed, leaving Stone and Kowalsky completely alone-tethered to nothing but each other and spiraling out into the blackness of space. The deafening silence tells them they have lost any link to Earth and any chance for rescue. As fear turns to panic, every gulp of air eats away at what little oxygen is left. But the only way home may be to go further out into the terrifying expanse of space.
Title: An American Werewolf in London | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: Two American tourists in England are attacked by a werewolf that none of the locals will admit exists.
Title: Molly's Game | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: Molly Bloom, a young skier and former Olympic hopeful becomes a successful entrepreneur (and a target of an FBI investigation) when she establishes a high-stakes, international poker game.
Title: Beauty and the Beast | Genres: fantasy, romance | Overview: Beauty and the Beast is the adaptation of a story by Madame de Villeneuve. Published anonymously in 1740 as La Jeune Américaine et les contes marins, it paints a portrait of Belle, a joyful and touching young girl who falls in love with the Beast, a cursed creature in search of love and redemption. In 1760, a condensed children’s version was published. It was from this version that Jean Cocteau and then Walt Disney drew their famous adaptations. Overshadowed, the original version by Madame de Villeneuve has never been adapted for the screen... until now!
Title: Top Secret! | Genres: comedy | Overview: Popular and dashing American singer Nick Rivers travels to East Germany to perform in a music festival. When he loses his heart to the gorgeous Hillary Flammond, he finds himself caught up in an underground resistance movement. Rivers joins forces with Agent Cedric and Flammond to attempt the rescue of her father, Dr. Paul, from the Germans, who have captured the scientist in hopes of coercing him into building a new naval mine.
Title: The Gods Must Be Crazy II | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Xixo is back again. This time, his children accidentally stow away on a fast-moving poachers' truck, unable to get off, and Xixo sets out to rescue them. Along the way, he encounters a couple of soldiers trying to capture each other and a pilot and passenger of a small plane, who are each having a few problems of their own.
Title: Six Days Seven Nights | Genres: adventure, action, comedy, romance | Overview: When Quinn, a grouchy pilot living the good life in the South Pacific, agrees to transfer a savvy fashion editor, Robin, to Tahiti, he ends up stranded on a deserted island with her after their plane crashes. The pair avoid each other at first, until they're forced to team up to escape from the island -- and some pirates who want their heads.
Title: Cannibal Holocaust | Genres: horror | Overview: A New York University professor returns from a rescue mission to the Amazon rainforest with the footage shot by a lost team of documentarians who were making a film about the area's local cannibal tribes.
Title: The Dreamers | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A young American studying in Paris in 1968 strikes up a friendship with a French brother and sister.
Title: Water and Fire | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A pretty young girl falls for an enigmatic, shy man who sweeps her off her feet. She becomes pregnant but is not allowed to tell him. His advisers are adamant. Back home, they have set up a wedding with the daughter of an antagonistic family and marriage will put an end to the blood feud between them.
Title: Dances with Wolves | Genres: adventure, drama, western | Overview: Wounded Civil War soldier, John Dunbar tries to commit suicide—and becomes a hero instead. As a reward, he's assigned to his dream post, a remote junction on the Western frontier, and soon makes unlikely friends with the local Sioux tribe.
"Title: Apocalypse Now | Genres: drama, war | Overview: At the height of the Vietnam war, Captain Benjamin Willard is sent on a dangerous mission that, officially, ""does not exist, nor will it ever exist."" His goal is to locate - and eliminate - a mysterious Green Beret Colonel named Walter Kurtz, who has been leading his personal army on illegal guerrilla missions into enemy territory."
Title: Blockers | Genres: comedy | Overview: When three parents discover that each of their daughters have a pact to lose their virginity at prom, they launch a covert one-night operation to stop the teens from sealing the deal.
Title: Paddington | Genres: comedy, adventure, family | Overview: A young Peruvian bear travels to London in search of a new home. Finding himself lost and alone at Paddington Station, he meets the kindly Brown family.
"Title: The Voyeur | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: At a college in Rome, a professor, nicknamed ""Dodo"" is in a deep depression. His stunningly beautiful wife has just left him for another man. Dodo wants her back very badly and has erotic daydreams about her. A beautiful young student in his class asks him for a ride home and seduces the lucky man, but still he wonders about his wife and her lover."
Title: Revenge | Genres: action, thriller, horror | Overview: Jen's romantic getaway with her wealthy married boyfriend is disrupted when his friends arrive for an impromptu hunting trip. Tension mounts at the house until the situation culminates in an unexpected way.
Title: No Man of God | Genres: crime, history, drama | Overview: The complicated relationship that formed between the FBI analyst Bill Hagmaier and serial killer Ted Bundy during Bundy's final years on death row.
Title: The Double | Genres: action, drama, crime | Overview: The mysterious murder of a US senator bearing the distinctive trademark of the legendary Soviet assassin 'Cassius', forces retired CIA operative, Paul Shepherson to team with rookie FBI agent, Ben Geary to solve the crime. Having spent his career chasing Cassius, Shepherdson is convinced his nemesis is long dead, but is pushed to take on the case by his former supervisor, Tom Highland. Geary, who wrote his Master's thesis on Shepherdson's pursuit of the Soviet killer, is certain that Cassius has resurfaced.
Title: Fist of Fury | Genres: drama, action, thriller | Overview: Chen Zhen returns to the international compound of China only to learn of his beloved teacher's death. This is compounded by the continual racist harassment by the Japanese population in the area. Unlike his friends, he confronts it head on with his mastery of martial arts while investigating his teacher's murder.
Title: Kronk's New Groove | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Kronk, now chef and Head Delivery Boy of Mudka's Meat Hut, is fretting over the upcoming visit of his father. Kronk's father always disapproved of young Kronk's culinary interests and wished that Kronk instead would settle down with a wife and a large house on a hill.
Title: My Life in Ruins | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A Greek tour guide named Georgia attempts to recapture her kefi (Greek for mojo) by guiding a ragtag group of tourists around Greece and showing them the beauty of her native land. Along the way, she manages to open their eyes to the wonders of an exotic foreign land while beginning to see the world through a new set of eyes in the process.
Title: Kinsenas, Katapusan | Genres: thriller | Overview: A man falls for his daughter's classmate and they get entangled in a steamy affair. When their sexual desire becomes obsession, things turn crazy.
Title: Get Rich or Die Tryin' | Genres: drama, crime, music | Overview: A tale of an inner city drug dealer who turns away from crime to pursue his passion, rap music.
Title: Barbie & Her Sisters in the Great Puppy Adventure | Genres: family, animation, adventure | Overview: Barbie and her sisters, Skipper, Stacie and Chelsea, and their adorable new puppy friends find unexpected mystery and adventure when they return to their hometown of Willows. While going through mementos in Grandma's attic, the sisters discover an old map, believed to lead to a long-lost treasure buried somewhere in the town. With their puppy pals in tow, the four girls go on an exciting treasure hunt, along the way discovering that the greatest treasure of all is the love and laughter they share as sisters!
Title: The Living Daylights | Genres: action, adventure, thriller | Overview: After a defecting Russian general reveals a plot to assassinate foreign spies, James Bond is assigned a secret mission to kill the new head of the KGB to prevent an escalation of tensions between the Soviet Union and the West.
Title: Mad Max | Genres: adventure, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: In the ravaged near future, a savage motorcycle gang rules the road. Terrorizing innocent civilians while tearing up the streets, the ruthless gang laughs in the face ofa police force hell-bent on stopping them. But they underestimate one officer: Max Rockatansky. And when the bikers brutalize Max's best friend and family, they send him into a mad frenzy that leaves him with only one thing left in the world to live for – revenge!
Title: Spy Kids: All the Time in the World | Genres: family, comedy, action | Overview: Eight years after the third film, the OSS has become the world's top spy agency, while the Spy Kids department has since become defunct. A retired spy Marissa is thrown back into the action along with her stepchildren when a maniacal Timekeeper attempts to take over the world. In order to save the world, Rebecca and Cecil must team up with their hated stepmother. Carmen and Juni have since also grown up and will provide gadgets to them.
Title: Resident Evil: Degeneration | Genres: animation, horror, action, science fiction | Overview: Leon S. Kennedy and Claire Redfield must battle a rogue warrior seeking revenge after unleashing the deadly G-Virus, whilst a mutated monster goes on a rampage.
Title: The Lie | Genres: drama, horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: A father and daughter are on their way to dance camp when they spot the girl's best friend on the side of the road. When they stop to offer the friend a ride, their good intentions soon result in terrible consequences.
"Title: Doraemon: Nobita and the Winged Braves | Genres: family, animation, adventure | Overview: After watching a televised showing about supposedly humanoid birds spotted in Africa, Nobita dreams of being able to fly with wings. He builds wooden wings after Doraemon refuses to help him, though he repeatedly fails to fly using them. While helping Shizuka to reclaim her pet canary, they witness a portal opens in the sky and a humanoid bird riding an airplane coming out. He introduces himself as Gusuke, a humanoid bird who lives in ""Birdopia"". Doraemon, Nobita, and Shizuka help Gusuke fix his airplane, where Nobita becomes fast friends with him. As Gusuke departs to his home, Gian and Suneo catch him and grab his plane. The other three follow them through the porta"
Title: Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: Astonished to find the Beast has a deep-seeded hatred for the Christmas season, Belle endeavors to change his mind on the matter.
Title: Pitch Perfect | Genres: comedy, music, romance | Overview: College student Beca knows she does not want to be part of a clique, but that's exactly where she finds herself after arriving at her new school. Thrust in among mean gals, nice gals and just plain weird gals, Beca finds that the only thing they have in common is how well they sing together. She takes the women of the group out of their comfort zone of traditional arrangements and into a world of amazing harmonic combinations in a fight to the top of college music competitions.
Title: Peach Girl | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: It's not easy being beautiful. The envy, the jealousy, the vicious rumors spread by your best friend. That's life for young Momo. While everyone thinks that Momo is a wild party girl, the reality is that she is shy and lonely. Can Momo confess her love to her classmate, Toji, or will her best friend Sae steal him away. It's a bittersweet drama of growing up and fitting in that will charm readers everywhere.
Title: One Piece: Dead End Adventure | Genres: action, animation, adventure | Overview: Desperate for cash, the Straw Hat Pirates enter a secret race between pirate crews known as the Dead End Competition. There, they must battle against powerful people, including the bounty hunter who wants to kill Gasparde and a climatic battle with Marine-turned-pirate Captain Gasparde.
Title: Discarnate | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A neuroscientist's obsession with a drug that expands the human mind inadvertently unleashes a deadly supernatural force on his team.
Title: Anaconda 3: Offspring | Genres: action, horror, thriller | Overview: Cancer-terminal tycoon Peter Murdoch's secret Wexel Hall Pharmaceuticals lab has developed a blood orchid extract cure. To examine why it works optimally in snakes, they also bread a super-anaconda strain. But the original pair escapes, leaving a bloody trail of corpses. Murdoch runs, instructing his staff to clean up. They keep failing and being eaten like unsuspecting locals, some alive, even after enlisting ruthless big game hunter Hammett. The fast-growing pregnant monster sheds its skin, thus disabling the only tracking device.
Title: Next Avengers: Heroes of Tomorrow | Genres: animation, family, action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: The children of the Avengers hone their powers and go head to head with the very enemy responsible for their parents' demise.
Title: Chungking Express | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: Two melancholic Hong Kong policemen fall in love: one with a mysterious underworld figure, the other with a beautiful and ethereal server at a late-night restaurant he frequents.
Title: Old Dogs | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Charlie and Dan have been best friends and business partners for thirty years; their Manhattan public relations firm is on the verge of a huge business deal with a Japanese company. With two weeks to sew up the contract, Dan gets a surprise: a woman he married on a drunken impulse nearly nine years before (annulled the next day) shows up to tell him he's the father of her twins, now seven, and she'll be in jail for 14 days for a political protest. Dan volunteers to keep the tykes, although he's up tight and clueless. With Charlie's help is there any way they can be dad and uncle, meet the kids' expectations, and still land the account?
Title: Blood Father | Genres: action, thriller, drama | Overview: An ex-con reunites with his estranged wayward 16-year old daughter to protect her from drug dealers who are trying to kill her.
"Title: Scooby-Doo! WrestleMania Mystery | Genres: animation, comedy, family, mystery | Overview: The mystery begins when Shaggy and Scooby win tickets to ""WrestleMania"" and convince the crew to go with them to WWE City. But this city harbors a spooky secret - a ghastly Ghost Bear holds the town in his terrifying grip! To protect the coveted WWE Championship Title, the gang gets help from WWE Superstars like John Cena, Triple H, Sin Cara, Brodus Clay, AJ Lee, The Miz and Kane. Watch Scooby and the gang grapple with solving this case before it's too late."
Title: Asura | Genres: animation, drama, history, horror | Overview: Abandoned in the barren wasteland of Kyoto, a savage, enraged orphan does whatever it takes to survive in the wild. When he crosses paths with civilization, he must learn to tame the beast within.
Title: The Salvation | Genres: drama, western | Overview: In 1870s America, a peaceful American settler kills his family's murderer which unleashes the fury of a notorious gang leader. His cowardly fellow townspeople then betray him, forcing him to hunt down the outlaws alone.
Title: A Wrinkle in Time | Genres: adventure, science fiction, family, fantasy | Overview: After the disappearance of her scientist father, three peculiar beings send Meg, her brother, and her friend to space in order to find him.
Title: Ender's Game | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: Based on the classic novel by Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game is the story of the Earth's most gifted children training to defend their homeplanet in the space wars of the future.
Title: A Princess for Christmas | Genres: comedy, family, tv movie, romance | Overview: After her sister and brother-in-law's tragic death, an American woman who is the guardian for her young niece and nephew is invited to a royal European castle for Christmas by her late brother-in-law's father, the Duke of Castlebury. Feeling out of place as a commoner, she is determined to give her family a merry Christmas and surprises herself when she falls for a handsome prince.
Title: No eres tú, soy yo | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: Javier se ha casado con María, el amor de su vida, y ahora lo único que desea es estar feliz con ella el resto de su vida, pero el destino se la quita poco después de la boda. Ahora Javier está enredado en sus emociones: ¿cómo aceptará la muerte de su mujer para encontrar nuevamente el amor?
Title: Souvenir | Genres: drama | Overview: The enigmatic Isabel decides to rent her belly to give birth to the baby of Sara and Joaquin, a possessive couple obsessed with the idea of starting a family.
Title: In Our Prime | Genres: drama | Overview: Ji-woo, an outcast in a prestigious private high school, does not fit in due to different social backgrounds than his well-to-do classmates. One day, he meets Hak-sung, the school’s security guard who is actually a mathematical genius defected from North Korea, now living with his past shut away. Ji-woo asks Hak-sung to teach him math, and although reluctant at first, Hak-sung eventually agrees to. Finding each other in their most difficult times, Ji-woo and Hak-sung open up to one another during their special math lessons, but their friendship is at risk when Ji-woo is framed for an incident in school, and Hak-sung is faced with people prying on his past.
"Title: Cujo | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A friendly St. Bernard named ""Cujo"" contracts rabies and conducts a reign of terror on a small American town."
Title: This Is 40 | Genres: comedy | Overview: Pete and Debbie are both about to turn 40, their kids hate each other, both of their businesses are failing, they're on the verge of losing their house, and their relationship is threatening to fall apart.
Title: Mickey, Donald, Goofy: The Three Musketeers | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: In Disney's take on the Alexander Dumas tale, Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck and Goofy want nothing more than to perform brave deeds on behalf of their queen (Minnie Mouse), but they're stymied by the head Musketeer, Pete. Pete secretly wants to get rid of the queen, so he appoints Mickey and his bumbling friends as guardians to Minnie, thinking such a maneuver will ensure his scheme's success. The score features songs based on familiar classical melodies.
Title: Siberia | Genres: crime, romance, thriller | Overview: Lucas, a diamond trader who travels to Saint Petersburg to arrange a sale, discovers that his Russian business partner has left his hotel and gone to a small Siberian village, so Lucas also heads there to try find him.
Title: Lego Scooby-Doo!: Haunted Hollywood | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: The gang find themselves in a tinsel-town twist! While on a VIP tour of the legendary Brickton Studios, Scooby and friends get a first-hand experience of the rumored hauntings when classic movie monsters drop in for a creepy casting call.
Title: The Big Short | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: The men who made millions from a global economic meltdown.
Title: Joy Ride | Genres: mystery, thriller, drama | Overview: Three young people on a road trip from Colorado to New Jersey talk to a trucker on their CB radio, then must escape when he turns out to be a psychotic killer.
Title: Boo 2! A Madea Halloween | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: Madea and the gang encounter monsters, goblins and boogeymen at a haunted campground.
Title: Alien Outpost | Genres: thriller, action, science fiction | Overview: A documentary crew follows an elite unit of soldiers in the wake of an alien invasion.
Title: Army of Darkness | Genres: fantasy, horror, comedy | Overview: Ash is transported back to medieval days, where he is captured by the dreaded Lord Arthur. Aided by the deadly chainsaw that has become his only friend, Ash is sent on a perilous mission to recover the Book of the Dead, a powerful tome that gives its owner the power to summon an army of ghouls.
Title: A Simple Favor | Genres: crime, thriller, mystery, comedy | Overview: Stephanie, a dedicated mother and popular vlogger, befriends Emily, a mysterious upper-class woman whose son Nicky attends the same school as Miles, Stephanie's son. When Emily asks her to pick Nicky up from school and then disappears, Stephanie undertakes an investigation that will dive deep into Emily's cloudy past.
Title: Gattaca | Genres: thriller, science fiction, mystery, romance | Overview: In a future society in the era of indefinite eugenics, humans are set on a life course depending on their DNA. Young Vincent Freeman is born with a condition that would prevent him from space travel, yet is determined to infiltrate the GATTACA space program.
Title: The Death of Stalin | Genres: comedy, drama, history | Overview: Proclaimed the funniest political comedy of the year (The Daily Beast), The Death of Stalin delivers a brutally executed parody of Cold War Russia. When the tyrannical ruler Stalin dies, his hapless inner circle scrambles to come up with the next evolution of the revolution ? but it's clear everyone is really out for themselves. Written and directed by Emmy® Award winning and Oscar® nominated Armando Iannucci, Rolling Stone calls the film a brilliant satire from a crack ensemble (including Emmy® and Golden Globe® winner Steve Buscemi, Simon Russell Beale, Andrea Riseborough and Michael Palin). Proof that comedy, like politics, is all in the execution.
Title: Darkest Hour | Genres: drama, history | Overview: A thrilling and inspiring true story begins on the eve of World War II as, within days of becoming Prime Minister of Great Britain, Winston Churchill must face one of his most turbulent and defining trials: exploring a negotiated peace treaty with Nazi Germany, or standing firm to fight for the ideals, liberty and freedom of a nation. As the unstoppable Nazi forces roll across Western Europe and the threat of invasion is imminent, and with an unprepared public, a skeptical King, and his own party plotting against him, Churchill must withstand his darkest hour, rally a nation, and attempt to change the course of world history.
Title: Gantz | Genres: horror, action, science fiction | Overview: After trying to rescue a man on the subway tracks, two teens wake up in a room dominated by a mysterious black sphere that sends them to hunt down and kill aliens hiding on Earth.
Title: The Miseducation of Cameron Post | Genres: drama | Overview: Pennsylvania, 1993. After getting caught with another girl, teenager Cameron Post is sent to a conversion therapy center run by the strict Dr. Lydia Marsh and her brother, Reverend Rick, whose treatment consists in repenting for feeling “same sex attraction.” Cameron befriends fellow sinners Jane and Adam, thus creating a new family to deal with the surrounding intolerance.
Title: Skiptrace | Genres: action, comedy, thriller, mystery | Overview: A detective from Hong Kong teams up with an American gambler to battle against a notorious Chinese criminal.
Title: Barbie: The Pearl Princess | Genres: family, animation | Overview: Barbie plays Lumina, a mermaid girl with the power to change the color of pearls. Cheerful and creative, Lumina finds herself working in a mermaid salon customizing fabulous hairstyles. And when Lumina has the chance to attend the royal ball, her friends adorn her with a gown fit for a princess. At the ball, villains try to seize power over the kingdom, and Lumina finds within herself an unexpected power that proves she is much more than a hair stylist.
Title: Extinction | Genres: action, drama, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A chief mechanic at a factory, haunted by apocalyptic nightmares, becomes a hero when Earth is invaded by a mysterious army bent on destruction.
Title: Magic Mike XXL | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Three years after Mike bowed out of the stripper life at the top of his game, he and the remaining Kings of Tampa hit the road to Myrtle Beach to put on one last blow-out performance.
Title: Nightride | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: In this single shot thriller, we're in the driver's seat with small-time dealer Budge as he tries to pull one last deal with cash borrowed from a dangerous loan shark. When the handover goes catastrophically wrong, Budge finds himself in a race against time to find his missing product and get a new buyer before the loan shark tracks him down.
Title: Boruto: Jump Festa Special | Genres: animation | Overview: Team Konohamaru is given a mission to track down a suspicious person in the village. Meanwhile, before training with Shikadai and Inojin, Chocho tries to find potato chips when they seem to be sold out in every store.
Title: The Bible: In the Beginning... | Genres: drama, family | Overview: Extravagant production of the first part of the book of Genesis. Covers Adam and Eve, Noah and the Flood and Abraham and Isaac.
Title: The Old Guard | Genres: action, fantasy | Overview: Four undying warriors who've secretly protected humanity for centuries become targeted for their mysterious powers just as they discover a new immortal.
Title: Dead Calm | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: An Australian couple take a sailing trip in the Pacific to forget about a terrible accident. While on the open sea, in dead calm weather conditions, they come across a ship with one survivor who is not at all what he seems.
Title: Faster | Genres: crime, drama, action, thriller | Overview: After 10 years in prison, Driver is now a free man with a single focus - hunting down the people responsible for brutally murdering his brother.
Title: Gremlins | Genres: fantasy, horror, comedy | Overview: When Billy Peltzer is given a strange but adorable pet named Gizmo for Christmas, he inadvertently breaks the three important rules of caring for a Mogwai, and unleashes a horde of mischievous gremlins on a small town.
Title: Redeeming Love | Genres: drama, history, romance | Overview: A retelling of the biblical book of Hosea set against the backdrop of the California Gold Rush of 1850.
Title: The Crush | Genres: drama, thriller, horror | Overview: A precocious and obsessive teenager develops a crush on a naive writer with harrowing consequences.
Title: Papillon | Genres: drama, history, crime | Overview: Henri “Papillon” Charrière, a safecracker from the Parisian underworld, is wrongfully convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment in the penal colony of French Guiana, where he forges a strong friendship with Louis Dega, a counterfeiter who needs his protection.
Title: Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist | Genres: comedy, music, drama | Overview: Nick cannot stop obsessing over his ex-girlfriend, Tris, until Tris' friend Norah suddenly shows interest in him at a club. Thus begins an odd night filled with ups and downs as the two keep running into Tris and her new boyfriend while searching for Norah's drunken friend, Caroline, with help from Nick's band mates. As the night winds down, the two have to figure out what they want from each other.
Title: Are We Done Yet? | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: Newlyweds Nick and Suzanne decide to move to the suburbs to provide a better life for their two kids. But their idea of a dream home is disturbed by a contractor with a bizarre approach to business.
Title: Resident Evil | Genres: horror, action, science fiction | Overview: When a virus leaks from a top-secret facility, turning all resident researchers into ravenous zombies and their lab animals into mutated hounds from hell, the government sends in an elite military task force to contain the outbreak. Alice and Rain are charged with leading the mission. But they only have three hours before the pathogen becomes airborne and infects the world.
Title: Mixtape | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: On the eve of Y2K, orphaned 12-year-old Beverly discovers a broken mixtape crafted by her teen parents. Raised by her grandmother - who struggles talking about her late daughter - Beverly sees the mixtape as a chance to finally learn more about her parents.
Title: Kite | Genres: drama, action | Overview: When Sawa's mother and policeman father are found victims of a grisly double homicide, she begins a ruthless pursuit for the man who murdered them. With the help of her father's ex-partner, Karl Aker, and a mysterious friend from her past, she becomes a merciless teen assassin, blasting her way through the dark world of human trafficking only to uncover a devastating truth
Title: The Clovehitch Killer | Genres: drama, mystery, crime | Overview: A picture-perfect family is torn apart after Tyler finds a cache of disturbing images in his father's possession. He begins to suspect that the man he trusts most in the world may be responsible for the murder of 13 women ten years prior.
Title: Bleach the Movie: Memories of Nobody | Genres: fantasy, animation, science fiction | Overview: In Karakura Town, unidentifiable spirits begin appearing en mases. While attempting to deal with these strange souls, Ichigo Kurosaki and Rukia Kuchiki meet Senna, a mysterious shinigami who wipes out most of them. Senna refuses to answer any questions, so Ichigo is forced to follow her while Rukia tries to find out what's going on.
Title: The Miracle of Marcelino | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Left on the doorstep of a monastery as an infant, Marcelino was raised by the monks. He was well-cared for but lonely and missed having a mother. One day he found a special friend in the forbidden attic, hanging on a cross. A friend that would repay Marcelino's kindness by granting him one heart-felt wish.
Title: Rurouni Kenshin Part III: The Legend Ends | Genres: action, adventure, drama, fantasy | Overview: Shishio sets sail in his ironclad ship to bring down the government. In order to stop him, Kenshin trains with his old master to learn his final technique.
Title: Jingle Jangle: A Christmas Journey | Genres: family, fantasy, music | Overview: An imaginary world comes to life in a holiday tale of an eccentric toymaker, his adventurous granddaughter, and a magical invention that has the power to change their lives forever.
Title: Breakthrough | Genres: drama | Overview: Tragedy strikes when a woman named Joyce's son falls through the ice on a frozen lake and is trapped underwater for over 15 minutes. After being rushed to the hospital, the 14-year-old boy continues to fight for his life as Joyce, her husband and their pastor stay by his bedside and pray for a miracle.
Title: Teen Titans Go! vs. Teen Titans | Genres: action, animation | Overview: In Teen Titans Go! vs Teen Titans, the comedic modern-day quintet takes on their 2003 counterparts when villains from each of their worlds join forces to pit the two Titan teams against each other. They'll need to set aside their differences and work together to combat Trigon, Hexagon, Santa Claus (that's right, Santa!) and time itself in order to save the multiverse.
Title: Ao Oni The Animation | Genres: horror, animation | Overview: Based on the horror game Ao Oni by noprops. Five members of the cultural anthropology club at an old western-style school are trying to come up with ideas for their presentation at the school's culture festival, when they find a collection of folk tales gathered by a student in their club 40 years ago. They realize that the mysterious Bellflower Oni that appears in the folk tales may be the basis for the popular free game Ao Oni, and decide to make that their theme. They manage to make contact with the author of the Ao Oni game, but he dies mysteriously soon afterward. The club members become suspicious at the author's death and began to investigate on their own, but encounter a secret they never should have touched: a secret underground prison in the school. For some reason all the fire doors at the school are locked, and they are trapped in the school. The sound of the strange footsteps they hear soon turn to their screams...A new tragedy of the Ao Oni is about to begin.
Title: Vamps | Genres: comedy, romance, horror | Overview: The modern-day story focuses on two beautiful young vampires who are living the good nightlife in New York until love enters the picture and each has to make a choice that will jeopardize their immortality.
Title: Yellowstone | Genres: documentary | Overview: This documentary is in fact the theatrically released episode of 'Epic Yellowstone: Return of the Predators'. For decades, Yellowstone National Park's ecosystem was out of balance. Its wolves had vanished, and its grizzly bears were pushed to the edge of extinction. Now, through conservation efforts and one of the most ambitious restoration projects in history, the carnivores have returned in record numbers. Host Bill Pullman gives you an up-close look into nature's dramas over the course of a year.
"Title: Anaconda | Genres: adventure, horror, thriller | Overview: A ""National Geographic"" film crew is taken hostage by an insane hunter, who takes them along on his quest to capture the world's largest - and deadliest - snake."
Title: Breakout | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A pair of criminals try to track down the kids who witnessed them commit a murder in the woods.
Title: 30 Days of Night: Dark Days | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: After surviving the incidents in Barrow, Alaska, Stella Olemaun relocates to Los Angeles, where she intentionally attracts the attention of the local vampire population in order to avenge the death of her husband, Eben.
Title: Return of the Tooth Fairy | Genres: horror | Overview: The Tooth Fairy is back. 15 years after the events of the first movie, Corey, now grown up but mentally scarred has gone to a class reunion. However, the Tooth Fairy is back, and this time - You better have flossed properly.
Title: Precious Cargo | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: After a botched heist, Eddie a murderous crime boss, hunts down the seductive thief Karen who failed him. In order to win back Eddie’s trust, Karen recruits her ex-lover and premier thief Jack to steal a cargo of rare precious gems. But when the job goes down, allegiances are betrayed and lines are crossed as Jack, Karen, and Eddie face off in a fateful showdown.
Title: The Hurt Locker | Genres: drama, thriller, war | Overview: During the Iraq War, a Sergeant recently assigned to an army bomb squad is put at odds with his squad mates due to his maverick way of handling his work.
Title: The Fugitive | Genres: drama, action, thriller | Overview: Wrongfully convicted of murdering his wife and sentenced to death, Richard Kimble escapes from the law in an attempt to find the real killer and clear his name.
Title: Cool World | Genres: animation, comedy, fantasy | Overview: A bizarre accident lands Frank Harris in Cool World, a realm of cartoons. Years later, cartoonist Jack Deebs, who's been drawing Cool World, crosses over as well. He sets his lustful sights on animated femme fatale Holli Would, but she's got plans of her own to become real, and it's up to Frank to stop her.
Title: Critters | Genres: horror, action, comedy, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A massive ball of furry creatures from another world eat their way through a small mid-western town followed by intergalactic bounty hunters opposed only by militant townspeople.
Title: The Forbidden Kingdom | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: An American teenager who is obsessed with Hong Kong cinema and kung-fu classics makes an extraordinary discovery in a Chinatown pawnshop: the legendary stick weapon of the Chinese sage and warrior, the Monkey King. With the lost relic in hand, the teenager unexpectedly finds himself travelling back to ancient China to join a crew of warriors from martial arts lore on a dangerous quest to free the imprisoned Monkey King.
Title: I'm in Love with a Church Girl | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Miles Montego has it all - cars, boats, good looks, mansion, money, women, but more importantly, he has a past.
Title: Monstruosamente Solo | Genres: comedy, drama, animation | Overview: Santiago is contained in the micro-universe of his home due to a deep depression after his girlfriend left him for no apparent reason. That is when he realizes that even though he wants to live his duel alone, his friends accompany him through video chats, telephone calls or visits right at his door.
"Title: Who Am I? | Genres: adventure, action, comedy, thriller | Overview: A group of covert CIA operatives trailing a potential new energy source are double-crossed by corrupt agent Morgan, who causes a helicopter crash in remote South Africa. The sole survivor, suffering severe amnesia, is nursed to recovery by a kindly native tribe who call him ""Whoami"" after the question he keeps asking. With the help of a mysterious reporter Christine, Whoami pieces together his past and tracks the turncoat agent and his criminal cohorts."
Title: Sleepless | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Undercover Las Vegas police officer Vincent Downs, who has got a lot of enemies, is caught in a high stakes web of corrupt cops and the mob-controlled casino underground. When a heist goes wrong, a crew of homicidal gangsters gets T, Downs’ teenage son. In one sleepless night, he will have to rescue his son T (who they got), evade an internal affairs investigation and bring the kidnappers to justice.
Title: Jumper | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: David Rice is a man who knows no boundaries, a Jumper, born with the uncanny ability to teleport instantly to anywhere on Earth. When he discovers others like himself, David is thrust into a dangerous and bloodthirsty war while being hunted by a sinister and determined group of zealots who have sworn to destroy all Jumpers. Now, David’s extraordinary gift may be his only hope for survival!
Title: Deep Blue Sea 2 | Genres: action, horror, science fiction | Overview: When shark conservationist Dr. Misty Calhoun is invited to consult on a top-secret project run by pharmaceutical billionaire Carl Durant, she is shocked to learn that the company is using unpredictable and highly aggressive bull sharks as its test subjects, which soon break loose and cause havoc.
Title: Birds of Paradise | Genres: drama | Overview: Two dancers at an elite ballet academy in Paris must compete for a contract to join the highly coveted Opéra National de Paris as they confront their competitive nature, sexual awakenings and how far they would go to win.
Title: Scooby-Doo! Shaggy's Showdown | Genres: animation, family, mystery, comedy, western | Overview: When the Scooby gang visits a dude ranch, they discover that it and the nearby town have been haunted by a ghostly cowboy, Dapper Jack, who fires real fire from his fire irons. The mystery only deepens when it’s discovered that the ghost is also the long lost relative of Shaggy Rogers!
Title: The Ballad of Buster Scruggs | Genres: comedy, drama, western | Overview: Vignettes weaving together the stories of six individuals in the old West at the end of the Civil War. Following the tales of a sharp-shooting songster, a wannabe bank robber, two weary traveling performers, a lone gold prospector, a woman traveling the West to an uncertain future, and a motley crew of strangers undertaking a carriage ride.
Title: One Piece Film: Strong World | Genres: animation, fantasy, adventure | Overview: 20 years after his escape from Impel Down, the legendary pirate Shiki, the Golden Lion, reappears causing massive upheaval to the Marines. During his long seclusion, he was able to come up with a scheme to bring the World Government to his knees. On his way to execute the plan, Shiki crosses paths with the Straw Hat Pirates and becomes so impressed with Nami's knowledge of meteorology that he abducts her to forcedly enlist her into his crew. Luffy and the gang end up on a strange land populated with monstrous beasts as they desperately search for Shiki and Nami.
Title: Gran Torino | Genres: drama | Overview: Disgruntled Korean War veteran Walt Kowalski sets out to reform his neighbor, Thao Lor, a Hmong teenager who tried to steal Kowalski's prized possession: a 1972 Gran Torino.
Title: Primal: Tales of Savagery | Genres: action, adventure, animation | Overview: Genndy Tartakovsky's Primal: Tales of Savagery features a caveman and a dinosaur on the brink of extinction. Bonded by tragedy, this unlikely friendship becomes the only hope of survival.
"Title: Iron Man & Captain America: Heroes United | Genres: adventure, animation, action | Overview: Iron Man and Captain America battle to keep the Red Skull and his triggerman, Taskmaster, from unleashing an army of Hydra Brutes on the world! Sequel to the film ""Iron Man & Hulk: Heroes United"" and feature Iron Man teaming up with Captain America, it comes to accompany the live-action film ""Captain America: The Winter Soldier""."
Title: Hellraiser | Genres: horror | Overview: An unfaithful wife encounters the zombie of her dead lover while the demonic cenobites are pursuing him after he escaped their sadomasochistic underworld.
Title: Piranha 3DD | Genres: horror, thriller, comedy | Overview: After the events at Lake Victoria, the prehistoric school of blood-thirsty piranhas make their way into swimming pools, plumbing, and a newly opened water park.
Title: I Am Mortal | Genres: science fiction, fantasy, drama | Overview: Set 200 years in the future, a small band of rebels face off against the status quo where humans have achieved immortality through genetic engineering
Title: A Good Man | Genres: action | Overview: After an illustrious special ops career ends in disaster, Alexander goes off the grid and attempts to lead a quiet life as a handyman at an apartment complex. But when one of his tenants and her family fall under the thumb of a Russian gangster, Alexander is dragged into an all-out war between rival Chinese and Russian gangs; forcing him to not only defend the family, but bringing him face to face with an old foe, and giving him one more chance to reconcile his past.
Title: The Smurfs: The Legend of Smurfy Hollow | Genres: comedy, animation, family, fantasy | Overview: When Brainy Smurf is favored to win the annual Smurfberry Hunt for the ninth year in a row, Gutsy Smurf sets out to discover how Brainy wins every year. Gutsy’s investigation takes him into spooky Smurfy Hollow–and right into Gargamel’s trap! Can Brainy and Gutsy, with the help of Smurfette, put aside their rivalry before Gargamel captures them–or worse, they come face-to-face with the legendary ghost, the Headless Horseman?
Title: The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad! | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: When the incompetent Lieutenant Frank Drebin seeks the ruthless killer of his partner, he stumbles upon an attempt to assassinate Queen Elizabeth II.
Title: The Karate Kid Part III | Genres: action, family, drama, adventure | Overview: Despondent over the closing of his karate school, Cobra Kai teacher John Kreese joins a ruthless businessman and martial artist to get revenge on Daniel and Mr. Miyagi.
Title: Hidden Leaf Village Grand Sports Festival! | Genres: action, animation, comedy | Overview: The genin of Konoha are having a sports day filled with races, obstacle courses and of course the relay and the prize is a paid vacation for the winner. Unfortunately Naruto and his stomach are getting him into trouble again.
Title: The Porno Killers | Genres: crime, action | Overview: An international drugs deal goes wrong, and two New York hit-women are dispatched to Rome, Italy, to get the missing pay money. Even before departure the girls (Carmen Russo and Cintia Lodetti) have a poolside hot party with two young men, and when they get to their hotel in Rome, they share a shower and an intimate moment together. At the beach, they make eye contact with a pair of Italian gigolos, then use judo and wrestling holds to dominate them - and impose their feminist supremacy. Finally, they will get close to the money, but their mission is made easier as the top men are fighting each other for it (Vassili Karis) and Mario Cutini).
Title: Doctor Strange | Genres: action, animation, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Dr. Stephen Strange embarks on a wondrous journey to the heights of a Tibetan mountain, where he seeks healing at the feet of the mysterious Ancient One.
Title: Movie 43 | Genres: comedy | Overview: Fifteen directors and an all-star cast created this twisted comedy that follows three teens on the hunt for the world's most banned film.
Title: The Assignment | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Ace assassin Frank Kitchen is double crossed by gangsters and falls into the hands of rogue surgeon known as The Doctor who turns him into a woman. The hitman, now a hitwoman, sets out for revenge, aided by a nurse named Johnnie who also has secrets.
Title: Instructions Not Included | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Valentin is Acapulco's resident playboy, until a former fling leaves a baby on his doorstep and him heading with her out of Mexico.
Title: Prayers for the Stolen | Genres: drama | Overview: In a mountain town, where corn and poppies grow, the girls wear boyish haircuts and have hiding places underground to escape the threat of being stolen. Ana and her two best friends grow up together, affirming the bonds of their friendship and discovering what it means to be women in a rural town marked by violence. Their mothers train them to flee death, to escape those who turn them into slaves or ghosts. They create their own impenetrable universe, but one day one of the girls doesn’t make it to her hiding place in time.
Title: Rumble in the Bronx | Genres: crime, action, comedy, thriller | Overview: Keong comes from Hong Kong to visit New York for his uncle's wedding. His uncle runs a market in the Bronx and Keong offers to help out while Uncle is on his honeymoon. During his stay in the Bronx, Keong befriends a neighbor kid and beats up some neighborhood thugs who cause problems at the market. One of those petty thugs in the local gang stumbles into a criminal situation way over his head.
Title: The Gods Must Be Crazy | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: A Coca-Cola bottle dropped from an airplane raises havoc among a normally peaceful tribe of African bushmen who believe it to be a utensil of the gods.
Title: Dallas Buyers Club | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Loosely based on the true-life tale of Ron Woodroof, a drug-taking, women-loving, homophobic man who in 1986 was diagnosed with HIV/AIDS and given thirty days to live.
Title: Wonder Park | Genres: comedy, animation, adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: A young girl named June with a big imagination makes an incredible discovery -- the amusement park of her dreams has come to life. Filled with the world's wildest rides operated by fun-loving animals, the excitement never ends. But when trouble hits, June and her misfit team of furry friends begin an unforgettable journey to save the park.
Title: Young Mother 3 | Genres: romance | Overview: Twenty year-old Ki-chan lives alone with his father. One day Yoon-seo (Kim Jeong-ah), his stepmother comes to live with them. She tries to be friendly with Ki-chan but he appraoches her as a woman and starts showing her that. Yoon-seo strongly rejects him but he knows that she wants him too. Their relationship turns into something dangerous. Then one day, Min-jeong, who has had a crush on Ki-chan for a long time, finds out what is going on between the two. The young stepmother fools her husband and falls in love with his son and the son falls in love with his father's woman. They make a deal with Min-jeong to make sure she doesn't say anything.
Title: Doraemon: Nobita and the Tin Labyrinth | Genres: adventure, animation | Overview: Nobita's dad stumbled upon a strange advertisement of a fantastic resort on television at midnight. Sleepy as he was, he made a reservation even though he didn't even realize he was talking to the advertisement. The next day he discussed with the family their holiday plans, only to realize he could not find the place anywhere on earth. All of a sudden though there was a suitcase in Nobita's room and intrigued as he was, he opened it only to find a portal to a beautiful resort managed by tin robots. Better still, it's absolutely free. It seems that there is a hidden agenda behind the person who invites them there.
Title: Victor Frankenstein | Genres: drama, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Eccentric scientist Victor Von Frankenstein creates a grotesque creature in an unorthodox scientific experiment.
Title: Sinister 2 | Genres: horror | Overview: A young mother and her twin sons move into a rural house that's marked for death.
Title: Step Up | Genres: music, drama, romance, crime | Overview: Everyone deserves a chance to follow their dreams, but some people only get one shot. Tyler Gage is a rebel from the wrong side of Baltimore's tracks and the only thing that stands between him and an unfulfilled life are his dreams of one day making it out of there. Nora is a privileged ballet dancer attending Baltimore's ultra-elite Maryland School of the Arts
Title: Sunny Side Battle! | Genres: action, animation, comedy | Overview: Sunny Side Battle! (Sani Saido Batoru!) is an OVA that was released with Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm Revolution. It features Itachi making breakfast for Sasuke in their old home.
Title: As the Gods Will | Genres: thriller, horror, comedy, mystery | Overview: High school student Shun Takahata is bored. Bored with the day-to-day monotony of school and life, he prays for change, for something exciting. Suddenly, he and his classmates are forced to play deadly children's games and facing terrifying creatures from a talking Daruma doll to a sharp-clawed lucky cat.
Title: A Delicious Flight | Genres: romance | Overview: An innocent actress runs away from the scandal with an idol, the impudent idol that ruined her career, a passionate manager who is devoted to her and his ex-girlfriend who is now a sexy stewardess. These four that should never be together run into each other in an airplane. No one can run away and the most cheeky and erotic things happen here.
"Title: The Condemned | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Jack Conrad is awaiting the death penalty in a corrupt Central American prison. He is ""purchased"" by a wealthy television producer and taken to a desolate island where he must fight to the death against nine other condemned killers from all corners of the world, with freedom going to the sole survivor."
Title: Signs | Genres: drama, thriller, science fiction, mystery | Overview: A family living on a farm finds mysterious crop circles in their fields which suggests something more frightening to come.
Title: After Porn Ends 3 | Genres: documentary | Overview: After Porn Ends 3 continues to explore whether a career as an adult performer is inherently damaging to the balance of a perfomer's life once retired.
Title: Batman: Mask of the Phantasm | Genres: action, animation, crime, mystery | Overview: When a powerful criminal, who is connected to Bruce Wayne's ex-girlfriend, blames the Dark Knight for killing a crime lord, Batman decides to fight against him.
Title: Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon | Genres: adventure, drama, action, romance | Overview: Two warriors in pursuit of a stolen sword and a notorious fugitive are led to an impetuous, physically-skilled, teenage nobleman's daughter, who is at a crossroads in her life.
Title: Pokémon: Arceus and the Jewel of Life | Genres: family, animation, adventure, fantasy | Overview: When the creator of the world, Arceus, comes to pass judgement on humanity for the theft of the legendary Jewel of Life, Ash and his friends are sent back in time to possibly reverse the events that led to Arceus' vendetta.
Title: A Beautiful Mind | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: John Nash is a brilliant but asocial mathematician fighting schizophrenia. After he accepts secret work in cryptography, his life takes a turn for the nightmarish.
Title: Beneath the Planet of the Apes | Genres: adventure, science fiction, mystery | Overview: The sole survivor of an interplanetary rescue mission discovers a planet ruled by apes, and an underground city run by telepathic humans.
Title: AEW Revolution | Genres: action, drama | Overview: AEW Revolution is a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The 2022 event is being held in Orlando Florida at the Addition Financial Arena.
Title: National Lampoon's European Vacation | Genres: adventure, comedy, romance | Overview: The Griswalds win a vacation to Europe on a game show, and so pack their bags for the continent. They do their best to catch the flavor of Europe, but they just don't know how to be be good tourists. Besides, they have trouble taking holidays in countries where they CAN speak the language.
Title: Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Raj is a rich, carefree, happy-go-lucky second generation NRI. Simran is the daughter of Chaudhary Baldev Singh, who in spite of being an NRI is very strict about adherence to Indian values. Simran has left for India to be married to her childhood fiancé. Raj leaves for India with a mission at his hands, to claim his lady love under the noses of her whole family. Thus begins a saga.
Title: Monte Carlo | Genres: adventure, comedy, romance | Overview: Three young women vacationing in Paris find themselves whisked away to Monte Carlo after one of the girls is mistaken for a British heiress.
Title: Silk Road | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: Philosophical twenty-something Ross Ulbricht creates Silk Road, a dark net website that sells drugs, while DEA agent Rick Bowden goes undercover to bring him down.
Title: Justice League Dark | Genres: science fiction, action, animation, fantasy, thriller | Overview: Beings with supernatural powers join together to fight against supernatural villains.
Title: They Live Inside Us | Genres: horror | Overview: Seeking inspiration for a new writing project, a man spends Halloween night in a notoriously haunted house. He soon realizes he is living in his own horror story.
Title: Zombie Night | Genres: horror | Overview: Zombies come out at night and two families must survive until morning.
Title: The Man with the Iron Heart | Genres: war, action, history, thriller | Overview: With the Third Reich at its peak in 1942, the Czech resistance in London plans the most ambitious military operation of WWII – Anthropoid. Two young recruits are sent to Prague to assassinate the most ruthless Nazi leader – Reinhardt Heydrich, head of the SS, the Gestapo and the architect of the Final Solution.
Title: Fate/stay night: Unlimited Blade Works | Genres: action, fantasy, animation | Overview: Shirou Emiya finds himself an unwilling participant in a deadly competition where seven Mages summon heroic spirits as servants to duel each other to the death. They compete for the chance to make a wish from the Holy Grail, which has the power to grant any wish. Shirou is unskilled as a mage and knows nothing of the Holy Grail War, but he and his servant, Saber, enter into a temporary partnership with another Mage, Rin Tohsaka. However, problems arise between Shirou and Rin's servant, Archer, who seems to seriously despise him.
Title: Curiosa | Genres: drama, history | Overview: A passionate love story set against a backdrop of sexual freedom, loosely based on the relationship between 19th century authors Pierre Louÿs and Marie de Régnier
Title: Every Day | Genres: fantasy, romance | Overview: 16-year old Rhiannon falls in love with a mysterious spirit named “A” that inhabits a different body every day. Feeling an unmatched connection, Rhiannon and “A” work each day to find each other, not knowing what the next day will bring.
Title: The Invasion | Genres: science fiction, thriller, mystery | Overview: Washington, D.C. psychologist Carol Bennell and her colleague Dr. Ben Driscoll are the only two people on Earth who are aware of an epidemic running rampant through the city. They discover an alien virus aboard a crashed space shuttle that transforms anyone who comes into contact with it into unfeeling drones while they sleep. Carol realizes her son holds the key to stopping the spread of the plague and she races to find him before it is too late.
Title: Rendel | Genres: fantasy, action, crime | Overview: Rendel, a masked superhero, becomes blinded by his desire for revenge against a sinister criminal organization.
Title: The Princess Switch | Genres: romance | Overview: When a down-to-earth Chicago baker and a soon-to-be princess discover they look like twins, they hatch a Christmastime plan to trade places.
Title: Ri¢hie Ri¢h | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Billionaire heir Richie Rich has it all, including Reggie Jackson as a batting coach and Claudia Schiffer as a personal trainer -- but no playmates. What's more, scoundrel Laurence Van Dough is scheming to take over the family empire. Uh-oh! Enter faithful butler Cadbury to save the day.
Title: 30 Days of Night | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: This is the story of an isolated Alaskan town that is plunged into darkness for a month each year when the sun sinks below the horizon. As the last rays of light fade, the town is attacked by a bloodthirsty gang of vampires bent on an uninterrupted orgy of destruction. Only the small town's husband-and-wife Sheriff team stand between the survivors and certain destruction.
Title: The Hurricane Heist | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Thieves attempt a massive heist against the U.S. Treasury as a Category 5 hurricane approaches one of its Mint facilities.
Title: Species: The Awakening | Genres: horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A scientist, Dr Holander, takes his niece Miranda to Mexico in an attempt to reverse the effects of the alien DNA he used to create her. However the treatment goes horribly wrong, and sets Miranda on a killing spree as she sets out to find a mate.
"Title: The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad | Genres: horror, fantasy, animation, family | Overview: The Wind in the Willows: Concise version of Kenneth Grahame's story of the same name. J. Thaddeus Toad, owner of Toad Hall, is prone to fads, such as the newfangled motor car. This desire for the very latest lands him in much trouble with the wrong crowd, and it is up to his friends, Mole, Rat and Badger to save him from himself. - The Legend of Sleepy Hollow: Retelling of Washington Irving's story set in a tiny New England town. Ichabod Crane, the new schoolmaster, falls for the town beauty, Katrina Van Tassel, and the town Bully Brom Bones decides that he is a little too successful and needs ""convincing"" that Katrina is not for him."
Title: Grimsby | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Wrongfully accused and on the run, a top MI6 assassin joins forces with his long-lost, football hooligan brother to save the world from a sinister plot.
Title: Goodbye Summer | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: A timeless teenage romance chronicling an impossible relationship that fights against the advance of a terminal disease.
Title: Memento | Genres: mystery, thriller | Overview: Leonard Shelby is tracking down the man who raped and murdered his wife. The difficulty of locating his wife's killer, however, is compounded by the fact that he suffers from a rare, untreatable form of short-term memory loss. Although he can recall details of life before his accident, Leonard cannot remember what happened fifteen minutes ago, where he's going, or why.
Title: Honey, I Shrunk the Kids | Genres: adventure, comedy, family, science fiction | Overview: The scientist father of a teenage girl and boy accidentally shrinks his and two other neighborhood teens to the size of insects. Now the teens must fight diminutive dangers as the father searches for them.
Title: The Others | Genres: horror, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Grace is a religious woman who lives in an old house kept dark because her two children, Anne and Nicholas, have a rare sensitivity to light. When the family begins to suspect the house is haunted, Grace fights to protect her children at any cost in the face of strange events and disturbing visions.
Title: The Final | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A group of high school outcasts get revenge on the students that torment them.
Title: Halloween: Resurrection | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Serial Killer Michael Myers is not finished with Laurie Strode, and their rivalry finally comes to an end. But is this the last we see of Myers? Freddie Harris and Nora Winston are reality programmers at DangerTainment, and are planning to send a group of 6 thrill-seeking teenagers into the childhood home of Myers. Cameras are placed all over the house and no one can get out of the house... and then Michael arrives home!
Title: Flawless | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A female executive and a night janitor conspire to commit a daring diamond heist from their mutual employer, The London Diamond Corporation.
Title: Halo: Landfall | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: Director Neill Blomkamp explores the lives of Marines and ODSTs on a last, desperate mission in a post-invasion Earth – a mission that may secure the salvation, or usher the destruction of the entire galaxy. Edited together as a standalone piece for the first time, these three shorts are the first glimpse at what a live-action Halo could and should look like and a must-see for Halo fans of every stripe.
Title: Curious George: Cape Ahoy | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: With help from a local fisherman, his niece and an adorable baby seal, George embarks on a quest in search of the long-lost shipwreck of legendary sea captain Trumpet Tooter.
Title: The Wishmas Tree | Genres: animation, family, adventure, action | Overview: A young possum's misguided wish for a white Wishmas not only freezes her entire hometown of Sanctuary City, but also threatens the lives of all who live there. Before the magical Wishmas Tree dies, she must undertake a perilous journey into the WILD; battling self-doubt, ghostly predators and ultimately, Extinction itself, to reverse the damage she has caused and save her city.
Title: Bright | Genres: fantasy, action, thriller | Overview: In an alternate present-day where magical creatures live among us, two L.A. cops become embroiled in a prophesied turf battle.
Title: [REC]⁴ Apocalypse | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: Ángela Vidal, the young television reporter who entered the building with the firemen, manages to make it out alive. But what the soldiers don't know is that she carries the seed of the strange infection. She is to be taken to a provisional quarantine facility, a high-security installation where she will have to stay in isolation for several days. An old oil tanker, miles off shore and surrounded by water on all sides, has been especially equipped for the quarantine.
Title: Peppermint | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A grieving mother transforms herself into a vigilante following the murders of her husband and daughter, eluding the authorities to deliver her own personal brand of justice.
"Title: Ben 10: Destroy All Aliens | Genres: animation, science fiction, family, action | Overview: Based on the original animated series Ben 10. Ben becomes targeted by an evil Mechamorph Warrior, named ""Retaliator,"" who mistakenly blames Ben for something he did not do and attempts to destroy all aliens."
Title: Game Night | Genres: mystery, comedy, crime | Overview: Max and Annie's weekly game night gets kicked up a notch when Max's brother Brooks arranges a murder mystery party -- complete with fake thugs and federal agents. So when Brooks gets kidnapped, it's all supposed to be part of the game. As the competitors set out to solve the case, they start to learn that neither the game nor Brooks are what they seem to be. The friends soon find themselves in over their heads as each twist leads to another unexpected turn over the course of one chaotic night.
Title: We Are Your Friends | Genres: drama, music, romance, comedy | Overview: Young Cole Carter dreams of hitting the big time as a Hollywood disc jockey, spending his days and nights hanging with buddies and working on the one track that will set the world on fire. Opportunity comes knocking when he meets James Reed, a charismatic DJ who takes the 23-year-old under his wing. Soon, his seemingly clear path to success gets complicated when he starts falling for his mentor's girlfriend, jeopardizing his new friendship and the future he seems destined to fulfill.
Title: Walking Tall | Genres: adventure, drama, action, thriller | Overview: A former U.S. soldier returns to his hometown to find it overrun by crime and corruption, which prompts him to clean house.
Title: Shrek the Halls | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, fantasy, family | Overview: The Christmas tree isn't the only thing green in this new holiday classic. Shrek is back and trying to get into the spirit of the season. After promising Fiona and the kids a Christmas they'll remember, he is forced to take a crash course in the holiday. But just when he thinks he has everything for their quiet family Christmas just right, there is a knock at the door.
Title: Aquamarine | Genres: fantasy, romance, family, comedy | Overview: Two teenage girls discover that mermaids really do exist after a violent storm washes one ashore. The mermaid, a sassy creature named Aquamarine, is determined to prove to her father that real love exists, and enlists the girls' help in winning the heart of a handsome lifeguard.
Title: Addicted | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A gallerist risks her family and flourishing career when she enters into an affair with a talented painter and slowly loses control of her life.
"Title: Dragon Ball: Sleeping Princess in Devil's Castle | Genres: action, animation | Overview: Goku and Kuririn are given an assignment by Kame-Sen'nin: ""Retrieve the sleeping princess from Lucifer and I will take you as my students."" But the mission proves to be more perilous than originally thought."
"Title: Casino | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: In early-1970s Las Vegas, low-level mobster Sam ""Ace"" Rothstein gets tapped by his bosses to head the Tangiers Casino. At first, he's a great success in the job, but over the years, problems with his loose-cannon enforcer Nicky Santoro, his ex-hustler wife Ginger, her con-artist ex Lester Diamond and a handful of corrupt politicians put Sam in ever-increasing danger."
Title: Ticking Clock | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: A reporter stumbles upon the journal of a murderer with plans to butcher specific girls, and he begins to investigates on his own, and finding that every trail leads to a 9-year-old orphan living in a group home.
Title: Children of the Living Dead | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Starting a new life in a quiet Pennsylvania town, Matthew Michaels only thought is to turn an old farm property into a profitable car dealership. He soon discovers that beneath the gentle surface, this small town is anything but calm and peaceful. Firstly, he learns that his new property is located on the site of a graveyard, which all the townsfolk regard as an evil place that must never be visited. He then discovers that years earlier the town had suffered an infestation of the living dead ...zombies who prey on human flesh. One zombie, the infamous Abbot Hayes, escaped destruction. As the construction team begin degging, they unleash the thing the townsfolk fear the most, the wrath of Abbot Hayes and the awakening of ... The Children of the Living Dead.
Title: Secretary | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A young woman, recently released from a mental hospital, gets a job as a secretary to a demanding lawyer, where their employer-employee relationship turns into a sexual, sadomasochistic one.
Title: Me, Myself & Irene | Genres: comedy | Overview: Rhode Island State Trooper Charlie Baileygates has a multiple personality disorder. One personality is crazy and aggressive, while the other is more friendly and laid back. Both of these personalities fall in love with the same woman named Irene after Charlie loses his medication.
Title: The Social Dilemma | Genres: documentary, drama | Overview: This documentary-drama hybrid explores the dangerous human impact of social networking, with tech experts sounding the alarm on their own creations.
Title: Doom: Annihilation | Genres: action, science fiction, horror, mystery | Overview: A group of UAC Marines responds to a distress call from a top-secret scientific base on Phobos, a Martian moon, only to discover it's been overrun by demons.
Title: The Basketball Diaries | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: A high school basketball player’s life turns upside down after free-falling into the harrowing world of drug addiction.
Title: Mean Girls 2 | Genres: comedy | Overview: After a clique of girls makes life difficult, a new student forms a rival group to take control of the school's corridors.
Title: Apostasy | Genres: drama | Overview: A faithful Jehovah's Witness is forced to shun her own sister because of a religious transgression. As the separation draws out, she starts to question the meaning of God's love.
Title: Supernova | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Sam and Tusker, partners of 20 years, are traveling across England in their old RV visiting friends, family and places from their past. Since Tusker was diagnosed with early-onset dementia two years ago, their time together is the most important thing they have. As the trip progresses, however, their ideas for the future clash, secrets come out, and their love for each other is tested as never before. Ultimately, they must confront the question of what it means to love one another in the face of Tusker’s illness.
Title: Sex Weather | Genres: romance, drama, comedy | Overview: Sleepy-eyed filmmaker Darrel wakes to find himself in bed with his crew member Sydney. As they begin to discuss the previous evening and tepid reviews of his new film, emotions give rise to a passionate and thoughtful relationship that once could have been if either had taken the chance.
Title: The Impossible | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: In December 2004, close-knit family Maria, Henry and their three sons begin their winter vacation in Thailand. But the day after Christmas, the idyllic holiday turns into an incomprehensible nightmare when a terrifying roar rises from the depths of the sea, followed by a wall of black water that devours everything in its path. Though Maria and her family face their darkest hour, unexpected displays of kindness and courage ameliorate their terror.
"Title: Saludos Amigos | Genres: animation, family, adventure | Overview: Live-action segments show members of the Disney staff touring South America and recording their impressions in sketches. These segue into four animated sections: ""Lake Titicaca"" depicts tourist Donald Duck's troubles with a stubborn llama; and in ""Aquarela do Brasil,"" Jose Carioca shows Donald the sights and sound of Rio de Janeiro."
Title: Until Forever | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Until Forever: The Michael Boyum Story is a powerful, true account of one young man's courageous battle with leukemia and his journey of faith.
Title: New Police Story | Genres: action, thriller, crime, drama | Overview: Sent into a drunken tailspin when his entire unit is killed by a gang of thrill-seeking punks, disgraced Hong Kong police inspector Wing (Jackie Chan) needs help from his new rookie partner, with a troubled past of his own, to climb out of the bottle and track down the gang and its ruthless leader.
Title: Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure | Genres: family, music | Overview: After a talent scout spots her performing with her dog Boi at a charity gala, Sharpay Evans sets off for the bright lights of NYC, convinced instant fame and fortune are in the bag. But theatre's a dog-eat-dog world. Fortunately, Sharpay also meets Peyton, a handsome student filmmaker who finds Sharpay nearly as fascinating as she finds herself.
Title: Triple Threat | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: A crime syndicate places a hit on a billionaire's daughter, making her the target of an elite assassin squad. A small band of down-and-out mercenaries protects her, fighting tooth and nail to stop the assassins from reaching their target.
Title: The Crazies | Genres: mystery, horror, action | Overview: Four friends find themselves trapped in their small hometown after they discover their friends and neighbors going quickly and horrifically insane.
Title: The Swan Princess | Genres: family, animation, fantasy, adventure, comedy | Overview: The beautiful princess Odette is transformed into a swan by an evil sorcerer's spell. Held captive at an enchanted lake, she befriends Jean-Bob the frog, Speed the turtle and Puffin the bird. Despite their struggle to keep the princess safe, these good-natured creatures can do nothing about the sorcerer's spell, which can only be broken by a vow of everlasting love.
Title: The Spectacular Now | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Sutter, a popular party animal, unexpectedly meets the introverted Aimee after waking up on a stranger's lawn. As Sutter deals with the problems in his life and Aimee plans for her future beyond school, an unexpected romance blossoms between them.
Title: Shanghai Noon | Genres: adventure, action, comedy, western | Overview: Chon Wang, a clumsy imperial guard trails Princess Pei Pei when she is kidnapped from the Forbidden City and transported to America. Wang follows her captors to Nevada, where he teams up with an unlikely partner, outcast outlaw Roy O'Bannon, and tries to spring the princess from her imprisonment.
Title: Taxi | Genres: action, comedy, thriller, crime | Overview: A mouthy and feisty taxicab driver has hot tips for a green and inept cop set on solving a string of New York City bank robberies committed by a quartet of female Brazilian bank robbers.
Title: Come and See | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: The invasion of a village in Byelorussia by German forces sends young Florya into the forest to join the weary Resistance fighters, against his family's wishes. There he meets a girl, Glasha, who accompanies him back to his village. On returning home, Florya finds his family and fellow peasants massacred. His continued survival amidst the brutal debris of war becomes increasingly nightmarish, a battle between despair and hope.
Title: A Cinderella Story: Starstruck | Genres: romance, comedy, music | Overview: Finley Tremaine, a small-town farm girl, longs to spread her wings and soar as an aspiring performer. When a Hollywood film crew arrives in her sleepy town, she is determined to land a role in the production and capture the attention of handsome lead actor Jackson Stone. Unfortunately, a botched audition forces her to change course. Now, disguised as cowboy “Huck,” Finley finally gets her big break. But can she keep the charade a secret from everyone, including her evil stepmother and devious step-siblings?
Title: Magic Mike | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Mike, an experienced stripper, takes a younger performer called The Kid under his wing and schools him in the arts of partying, picking up women, and making easy money.
Title: Stuck Together | Genres: comedy | Overview: Seven families live in the Parisian apartment building at 8, Rue de l’Humanite - and they didn’t escape to the countryside at the arrival of the coronavirus. Three months of life under lockdown will reveal the best and worst of these neighbours.
Title: After.Life | Genres: drama, horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: Following a terrible car crash, a woman awakes to find an enigmatic mortician preparing her for burial.
Title: Prisoners of the Ghostland | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: In the treacherous frontier city of Samurai Town, a ruthless bank robber is sprung from jail by wealthy warlord The Governor, whose adopted granddaughter Bernice has gone missing. The Governor offers the prisoner his freedom in exchange for retrieving the runaway. Strapped into a leather suit that will self-destruct within five days, the bandit sets off on a journey to find the young woman—and his own path to redemption.
Title: Primal | Genres: action | Overview: A big-game hunter for zoos books passage on a Greek shipping freighter with a fresh haul of exotic and deadly animals from the Amazon, including a rare white Jaguar – along with a political assassin being extradited to the U.S in secret. Two days into the journey, the assassin escapes and releases the captive animals, throwing the ship into chaos.
Title: Stomp the Yard | Genres: drama, music | Overview: After the death of his younger brother, a troubled 19-year-old street dancer from Los Angeles is able to bypass juvenile hall by enrolling in the historically black, Truth University in Atlanta, Georgia. But his efforts to get an education and woo the girl he likes are sidelined when he is courted by the top two campus fraternities, both of which want and need his fierce street-style dance moves to win the highly coveted national step show competition.
Title: Deep Impact | Genres: action, drama, science fiction | Overview: A seven-mile-wide space rock is hurtling toward Earth, threatening to obliterate the planet. Now, it's up to the president of the United States to save the world. He appoints a tough-as-nails veteran astronaut to lead a joint American-Russian crew into space to destroy the comet before impact. Meanwhile, an enterprising reporter uses her smarts to uncover the scoop of the century.
Title: Gothika | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: After a car crash, a criminal psychologist regains consciousness only to find that she's a patient in the same mental institution that currently employs her. It seems she's been accused of murdering her husband—but she has no memory of committing the crime. As she tries to regain her memory and convince her co-workers of her innocence, a vengeful spirit uses her as an earthly pawn, which further convinces everyone of her guilt.
Title: Nosferatu | Genres: fantasy, horror | Overview: Vampire Count Orlok is interested in a new residence and in his real estate agent’s young wife. F. W. Murnau’s unauthorized adaptation of Bram Stoker’s “Dracula.”
Title: Marmaduke | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: When Phil and Debbie Winslow relocate from their native Kansas to the sunny climes of Orange County, their big-hearted, havoc-wreaking Great Dane gets a taste of the dog's life, California-style.
Title: Halloween 5: The Revenge of Michael Myers | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Presumed dead after a shoot-out with the Haddonfield police, Michael Myers is secretly nursed back to health -- and returns a year later to kill again and once more targets his young niece, Jamie. Jamie is now recovering in the local children's hospital after attacking her stepmother and losing her voice. Her mental link with her evil uncle may be the key to uprooting her family tree.
Title: Erin Brockovich | Genres: drama | Overview: A twice-divorced mother of three who sees an injustice, takes on the bad guy and wins -- with a little help from her push-up bra. Erin goes to work for an attorney and comes across medical records describing illnesses clustered in one nearby town. She starts investigating and soon exposes a monumental cover-up.
Title: Lead Me Home | Genres: documentary | Overview: Poignant stories of homelessness on the West Coast of the US frame this cinematic portrait of a surging humanitarian crisis.
Title: Adventures of Aladdin | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: With the help of a magical lamp, an impoverished young man transforms himself into a prince in order to win the heart of a beautiful princess. A live-action retelling of the 1992 Disney film of the same name.
Title: Another | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: After a chain of deaths at a junior high school, new transfer student Koichi Sakakibara turns to a mysterious girl who holds the key to the dark mystery.
Title: Kaguya-sama: Love Is War | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A high school girl and boy are part of the student council at a pricey school. They have a crush on one another, but have kept it under wraps so far. With awareness and an inkling of what the other one feels for each the challenge becomes to make the opposite side profess his or her love first.
Title: The Last Temptation of Christ | Genres: drama | Overview: Jesus, a humble Judean carpenter beginning to see that he is the son of God, is drawn into revolutionary action against the Roman occupiers by Judas -- despite his protestations that love, not violence, is the path to salvation. The burden of being the savior of mankind torments Jesus throughout his life, leading him to doubt.
Title: V.I.P. | Genres: crime, thriller, action | Overview: A son to a high-ranked official in North Korea commits a series of murders going across the countries around the world. The movie depicts the following events as South Korea, North Korea and Interpol start chasing down after him.
Title: Downfall | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: In April of 1945, Germany stands at the brink of defeat with the Russian Army closing in from the east and the Allied Expeditionary Force attacking from the west. In Berlin, capital of the Third Reich, Adolf Hitler proclaims that Germany will still achieve victory and orders his generals and advisers to fight to the last man. When the end finally does come, and Hitler lies dead by his own hand, what is left of his military must find a way to end the killing that is the Battle of Berlin, and lay down their arms in surrender.
Title: Legends of the Fall | Genres: adventure, drama, romance, war, western | Overview: An epic tale of three brothers and their father living in the remote wilderness of 1900s USA and how their lives are affected by nature, history, war, and love.
Title: I Still Believe | Genres: music, drama, romance | Overview: The true-life story of Christian music star Jeremy Camp and his journey of love and loss that looks to prove there is always hope.
Title: Minari | Genres: drama | Overview: A Korean-American family moves to Arkansas in search of their own American Dream. With the arrival of their sly, foul-mouthed, but incredibly loving grandmother, the stability of their relationships is challenged even more in this new life in the rugged Ozarks, testing the undeniable resilience of family and what really makes a home.
Title: Martyrs | Genres: horror, drama, thriller | Overview: A young woman’s quest for revenge against the people who kidnapped and tortured her as a child leads her and her best friend, also a victim of child abuse, on a terrifying journey into a living hell of depravity.
Title: Inuyasha the Movie 3: Swords of an Honorable Ruler | Genres: animation, fantasy, adventure | Overview: Inuyasha and his brother, Sesshomaru, each inherited a sword from their father after his death. However, their father had a third sword, named Sounga, that he sealed away. Seven hundreds years after his death, Sounga awakens and threatens mankind's very existence. How will the children of the Great Dog Demon stop this unimaginable power?
Title: Remember the Titans | Genres: drama | Overview: After leading his football team to 15 winning seasons, coach Bill Yoast is demoted and replaced by Herman Boone – tough, opinionated and as different from the beloved Yoast as he could be. The two men learn to overcome their differences and turn a group of hostile young men into champions.
"Title: Leroy & Stitch | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Lilo, Stitch, Jumba and Pleakley have finally caught all of Jumba's genetic experiments and found the one true place where each of them belongs. Stitch, Jumba and Pleakley are offered positions in the Galactic Alliance, turning them down so they can stay on Earth with Lilo. But Lilo realizes her alien friends have places where they belong, and it's finally time to say ""aloha."""
Title: Bingo Hell | Genres: thriller | Overview: In the Barrio of Oak Springs live a strong and stubborn group of elderly friends who refuse to be gentrified. Their leader, Lupita, keeps them together as a community, a family. But little did they know, their beloved Bingo hall is about to be sold to a much more powerful force than money itself.
Title: Night Hunter | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A Minnesota police officer crosses paths with a committed and tireless vigilante as he follows the trail of a ruthless predator responsible for several abductions and murders.
"Title: Pet Sematary II | Genres: horror | Overview: The ""sematary"" is up to its old zombie-raising tricks again. This time, the protagonists are Jeff Matthews, whose mother died in a Hollywood stage accident, and Drew Gilbert, a boy coping with an abusive stepfather."
Title: I Am Dragon | Genres: fantasy, romance | Overview: In the midst of the wedding princess Miroslava is kidnapped by a dragon and carried away into his castle on the remote island. Mira left everything behind in the past - family, friends and groom. Now the only things she had were a stone cage and a mysterious young man named Arman ... but who is he and what is he doing on that island? Miroslava will know the truth too late: loving a dragon will reveal the bitter truth - love is scary.
Title: The Exorcist III | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: Set fifteen years after the original film, The Exorcist III centers around the philosophical Lieutenant William F. Kinderman who is investigating a baffling series of murders around Georgetown that all contain the hallmarks of The Gemini, a deceased serial killer. It eventually leads him to a catatonic patient in a psychiatric hospital who has recently started to speak, claiming he is The Gemini and detailing the murders, but bears a striking resemblance to Father Damien Karras.
Title: Cobra | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: A tough-on-crime street cop must protect the only surviving witness to a strange murderous cult with far reaching plans.
"Title: In the Shadow of the Moon | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: In 1988, Philadelphia police officer Thomas ""Locke"" Lockhart, hungry to become a detective, begins tracking a serial killer whose crimes defy scientific explanation. When the killer mysteriously resurfaces nine years later, Locke's obsession with finding the truth threatens to destroy his career, his family, and possibly his sanity."
Title: King of Thorn | Genres: fantasy, animation, science fiction | Overview: A mysterious virus, nicknamed Medusa, is spreading around Japan, turning its victims into stone. Given the impossibility of finding an immediate cure, the government opts for cryopreserving a select group of patients until they come up with a solution. Kasumi, one of the chosen ones, has been asleep for years and her awakening, more than a bed of roses, is a bed of thorns, and happens in the midst of total chaos where monstrous creatures lie in wait all around.
Title: Hugo | Genres: adventure, drama, family | Overview: Orphaned and alone except for an uncle, Hugo Cabret lives in the walls of a train station in 1930s Paris. Hugo's job is to oil and maintain the station's clocks, but to him, his more important task is to protect a broken automaton and notebook left to him by his late father. Accompanied by the goddaughter of an embittered toy merchant, Hugo embarks on a quest to solve the mystery of the automaton and find a place he can call home.
"Title: Evan Almighty | Genres: fantasy, comedy, family | Overview: Junior congressman Evan Baxter, whose wish is to ""change the world"" is heard by none other than God. When God appears with the perplexing request to build an ark, Evan is sure he is losing it."
Title: Code 8 | Genres: science fiction, action, crime, thriller, drama | Overview: In Lincoln City, some inhabitants have extraordinary abilities. Most live below the poverty line, under the close surveillance of a heavily militarized police force. Connor, a construction worker with powers, involves with a criminal gang to help his ailing mother. (Based on the short film “Code 8,” 2016.)
Title: Tag | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: For one month every year, five highly competitive friends hit the ground running in a no-holds-barred game of tag they’ve been playing since the first grade. This year, the game coincides with the wedding of their only undefeated player, which should finally make him an easy target. But he knows they’re coming...and he’s ready.
"Title: Gone with the Wind | Genres: drama, war, romance | Overview: The spoiled daughter of a well-to-do plantation owner is forced to use every means at her disposal to claw her way out of poverty, following Maj. Gen. William Sherman's destructive ""March to the Sea,” during the American Civil War."
Title: Octopussy | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: James Bond is sent to investigate after a fellow “00” agent is found dead with a priceless Fabergé egg. Bond follows the mystery and uncovers a smuggling scandal and a Russian General who wants to provoke a new World War.
Title: Vico C: The Life Of A Philosopher | Genres: drama | Overview: A biographical film based on the story of the singer, songwriter and pioneer of urban music in Spanish. From his humble beginnings until his jump to international fame. The harsh experiences of a warrior of life that changed the perspective of music in the world.
Title: Fracture | Genres: thriller | Overview: A husband is on trial for the attempted murder of his wife, in what is seemingly an open/shut case for the ambitious district attorney trying to put him away. However, there are surprises for both around every corner, and, as a suspenseful game of cat-and-mouse is played out, each must manipulate and outwit the other.
Title: Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery | Genres: science fiction, comedy, crime | Overview: As a swingin' fashion photographer by day and a groovy British superagent by night, Austin Powers is the '60s' most shagadelic spy, baby! But can he stop megalomaniac Dr. Evil after the bald villain freezes himself and unthaws in the '90s? With the help of sexy sidekick Vanessa Kensington, he just might.
Title: Lifeforce | Genres: horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A space shuttle mission investigating Halley's Comet brings back a malevolent race of space vampires who transform most of London's population into zombies. The only survivor of the expedition and British authorities attempt to capture a mysterious but beautiful alien woman who appears responsible.
Title: Johnny English | Genres: adventure, action, comedy | Overview: A lowly pencil pusher working for MI7, Johnny English is suddenly promoted to super spy after Agent One is assassinated and every other agent is blown up at his funeral. When a billionaire entrepreneur sponsors the exhibition of the Crown Jewels—and the valuable gems disappear on the opening night and on English's watch—the newly-designated agent must jump into action to find the thief and recover the missing gems.
Title: Pokémon: The Movie 2000 | Genres: adventure, fantasy, animation, science fiction, family | Overview: Satoshi must put his skill to the test when he attempts to save the world from destruction. The Greedy Pokemon collector Gelardan throws the universe into chaos after disrupting the balance of nature by capturing one of the Pokemon birds that rule the elements of fire, lightning and ice. Will Satoshi have what it takes to save the world?
Title: 3-Iron | Genres: drama, romance, crime | Overview: A young man, whose only possession is a motorcycle, spends his time riding around the city looking for empty apartments. After finding one, he hangs out for a while, fixing himself something to eat, washing laundry or making small repairs in return. He always tries to leave before the owners get back but in one ostensibly empty mansion he meets the abused wife of a rich man and she escapes with him...
Title: Anon | Genres: science fiction | Overview: Set in a near-future world where there is no privacy, ignorance or anonymity, our private memories are recorded and crime almost ceases to exist. In trying to solve a series of unsolved murders, Sal Frieland stumbles onto a young woman who appears to have subverted the system and disappeared. She has no identity, no history and no record. Sal realizes it may not be the end of crime but the beginning. Known only as 'The Girl', Sal must find her before he becomes the next victim.
Title: The Wife | Genres: drama | Overview: A wife questions her life choices as she travels to Stockholm with her husband, where he is slated to receive the Nobel Prize for Literature.
Title: The Usual Suspects | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: Held in an L.A. interrogation room, Verbal Kint attempts to convince the feds that a mythic crime lord, Keyser Soze, not only exists, but was also responsible for drawing him and his four partners into a multi-million dollar heist that ended with an explosion in San Pedro harbor – leaving few survivors. Verbal lures his interrogators with an incredible story of the crime lord's almost supernatural prowess.
Title: Who Am I | Genres: thriller | Overview: Benjamin, a young German computer whiz, is invited to join a subversive hacker group that wants to be noticed on the world's stage.
Title: #Alive | Genres: action, horror, thriller | Overview: As a grisly virus rampages a city, a lone man stays locked inside his apartment, digitally cut off from seeking help and desperate to find a way out.
Title: The Mauritanian | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: The true story of the Mauritanian Mohamedou Ould Slahi, who was held at the U.S military's Guantanamo Bay detention center without charges for over a decade and sought help from a defense attorney for his release.
Title: ariana grande: excuse me, i love you | Genres: music, documentary | Overview: Ariana Grande takes the stage in London for her Sweetener World Tour and shares a behind-the-scenes look at her life in rehearsal and on the road.
Title: Yara | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: The murder of 13-year-old Yara Gambirasio shocks the little town of Brembate di Sopra, Italy. To bring the culprit to justice, prosecutor Letizia Ruggeri only has one tenuous lead: a bit of DNA that's not much help without a database to compare it to. Based on a true story.
Title: King Arthur | Genres: adventure, war, history, action | Overview: The story of the Arthurian legend, based on the 'Sarmatian hypothesis' which contends that the legend has a historical nucleus in the Sarmatian heavy cavalry troops stationed in Britain, and that the Roman-British military commander, Lucius Artorius Castus is the historical person behind the legend.
Title: Mrs. Doubtfire | Genres: comedy, drama, family | Overview: Loving but irresponsible dad Daniel Hillard, estranged from his exasperated spouse, is crushed by a court order allowing only weekly visits with his kids. When Daniel learns his ex needs a housekeeper, he gets the job -- disguised as an English nanny. Soon he becomes not only his children's best pal but the kind of parent he should have been from the start.
Title: 88 | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: A young woman comes to in a roadside diner with no idea where she is or how she got there. Split between two timelines, she gets taken on a violent journey as she seeks out the person responsible for her lover's death.
"Title: Detective Conan: Private Eye in the Distant Sea | Genres: action, animation, drama | Overview: The movie is set on a state-of-the art Aegis vessel with the full cooperation of Japan's real-life Ministry of Defense and Maritime Self-Defense Force. The corpse of a Self-Defense Force member has been found — minus the left arm — and a spy has infiltrated the Aegis vessel. The heroine Ran is put in jeopardy, and Conan is forced to stand up against the dangerous Spy ""X."""
Title: 365 Days | Genres: romance | Overview: This film tracks a hasty marriage through its first 365 days.
Title: Messi | Genres: documentary | Overview: His teachers, coaches, childhood friends and Barça teammates, together with journalists, writers and prominent figures from the history of football, come together in a restaurant to analyze and pick apart Messi's personality both on and off the field, and to look back at some of the most significant moments in his life. Viewed from Álex de la Iglesia's unique perspective, Messi recreates the player's childhood and teenage years, from his very first steps, with a football always at his feet, through to the decision to leave Rosario for Barcelona, the separation from his family, and the role played in his career by individuals such as Ronaldinho, Rijkaard, Rexach and Guardiola.
Title: The Hate U Give | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: Raised in a poverty-stricken slum, a 16-year-old girl named Starr now attends a suburban prep school. After she witnesses a police officer shoot her unarmed best friend, she's torn between her two very different worlds as she tries to speak her truth.
Title: Mr. Bean's Holiday | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: Mr. Bean wins a trip to Cannes where he unwittingly separates a young boy from his father and must help the two reunite. On the way he discovers France, bicycling and true love, among other things.
"Title: Creepshow 3 | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: This follow-up to the George Romero/Stephen King-launched anthology series features five new tales of horror and a wraparound. The main stories deal with alternative realities (""Alice""), possessed communication devices (""The Radio""), vampires and serial killers in lust (""Call Girl""), mad inventors (""The Professor's Wife""), and hauntings from beyond the grave (""Haunted Dog"")."
"Title: The Barbie Diaries | Genres: family, animation | Overview: This movie stars Barbie as a teenage girl, trying to deal with crushes, rivals and friendship as she tries to achieve her dream of working as a news anchor for her school's TV station. She doesn't always make the right decisions, but she's a nice enough character and considerably less ""perfect"" than she is portrayed in her other films."
Title: From Up on Poppy Hill | Genres: animation, drama | Overview: A group of Yokohama students fight to save their school's clubhouse from the wrecking ball during preparations for the 1964 Tokyo Olympic Games. While working there, Umi and Shun gradually become attracted to each other but have to face a sudden trial. Even so, they keep going without fleeing the difficulties of reality.
Title: The Eye | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: Violinist Sydney Wells was accidentally blinded by her sister Helen when she was five years old. She submits to a cornea transplantation, and while recovering from the operation, she realizes that she is seeing dead people.
Title: Sadako | Genres: horror | Overview: A psychologist connects her missing brother to the strange case of a mysterious little girl believed to be Sadako reincarnated.
Title: Solitary Man | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A car magnate watches his personal and professional life hit the skids because of his business and romantic indiscretions.
Title: Z-O-M-B-I-E-S 2 | Genres: music, romance, tv movie | Overview: Zed and Addison are back at Seabrook High, where, after a groundbreaking semester, they continue to steer both their school and community toward unity. But the arrival of a new group of outsiders – mysterious werewolves – threatens to shake up the newfound peace and causes a rift in Zed and Addison’s budding romance.
Title: Malnazidos | Genres: comedy, horror, war | Overview: Months after bloody combats leave behind thousands of dead in the trenches. Jan Lozano, Captain of the Fifth Brigade has fallen prisoner by an opponent's platoon along with a young driver while carrying out a mission that has been entrusted to him. The possibility of dying executed will soon be overtaken when a new unknown enemy arises. Both rival sides must unite and set their mutual hate aside in order to survive.
Title: Halloween II | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: After failing to kill stubborn survivor Laurie and taking a bullet or six from former psychiatrist Dr. Sam Loomis, Michael Myers has followed Laurie to the Haddonfield Memorial Hospital, where she's been admitted for Myers' attempt on her life. The institution proves to be particularly suited to serial killers, however, as Myers cuts, stabs and slashes his way through hospital staff to reach his favorite victim.
"Title: Bleach the Movie: The DiamondDust Rebellion | Genres: action, adventure, animation | Overview: When an artifact known as the ""King's Seal"" is stolen during transport from Soul Society, Hitsugaya Toushirou is assigned to retrieve it. Toushirou goes missing after a battle with the thieves, leading Seireitei to suspect him of treachery. They order his immediate capture and execution. Unwilling to believe him capable of such a crime, Ichigo, Rangiku, Rukia, and Renji set out to find Toushirou."
Title: The Legend of Zorro | Genres: action, adventure, western | Overview: Having spent the last 10 years fighting injustice and cruelty, Alejandro de la Vega is now facing his greatest challenge: his loving wife Elena has thrown him out of the house! Elena has filed for divorce and found comfort in the arms of Count Armand, a dashing French aristocrat. But Alejandro knows something she doesn't: Armand is the evil mastermind behind a terrorist plot to destroy the United States. And so, with his marriage and the county's future at stake, it's up to Zorro to save two unions before it's too late.
Title: Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Using a special camera that can see spirits, a family must protect their daughter from an evil entity with a sinister plan.
Title: Meet the Parents | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Greg Focker is ready to marry his girlfriend, Pam, but before he pops the question, he must win over her formidable father, humorless former CIA agent Jack Byrnes, at the wedding of Pam's sister. As Greg bends over backward to make a good impression, his visit to the Byrnes home turns into a hilarious series of disasters, and everything that can go wrong does, all under Jack's critical, hawklike gaze.
Title: Haywire | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: A black ops soldier seeks payback after she is betrayed and left for dead.
Title: Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle | Genres: comedy, adventure | Overview: Nerdy accountant Harold and his irrepressible friend, Kumar, get stoned watching television and find themselves utterly bewitched by a commercial for White Castle. Convinced there must be one nearby, the two set out on a late-night odyssey that takes them deep into New Jersey. Somehow, the boys manage to run afoul of rednecks, cops and even a car-stealing Neil Patrick Harris before getting anywhere near their beloved sliders.
Title: A Madea Family Funeral | Genres: comedy | Overview: A joyous family reunion becomes a hilarious nightmare as Madea and the crew travel to backwoods Georgia, where they find themselves unexpectedly planning a funeral that might unveil unpleasant family secrets.
Title: Closest Love to Heaven | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Nino is a quiet outcast with only a bird for a friend. Kira is a popular boy with a big secret. Even though they live next to each other, they have never spoken. But when Nino learns Kira's secret, everything begins to change, and what starts as a hesitant friendship grows into something more… but how long can it last?
"Title: Mortal Kombat: Annihilation | Genres: action, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: A group of heroic warriors has only six days to save the planet in ""Mortal Kombat Annihilation."" To succeed they must survive the most spectacular series of challenges any human, or god, has ever encountered as they battle an evil warlord bent on taking control of Earth."
Title: The Longest Ride | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The lives of a young couple intertwine with a much older man as he reflects back on a lost love while he's trapped in an automobile crash.
Title: The King | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: England, 15th century. Hal, a capricious prince who lives among the populace far from court, is forced by circumstances to reluctantly accept the throne and become Henry V.
Title: Better Watch Out | Genres: comedy, horror, thriller | Overview: On a quiet suburban street tucked within a 'safe neighborhood', a babysitter must defend a twelve-year-old boy from strangers breaking into the house, only to discover that this is far from a normal home invasion.
Title: Ultimate Avengers: The Movie | Genres: action, animation, family, adventure, science fiction | Overview: When a nuclear missile was fired at Washington in 1945, Captain America managed to detonate it in the upper atmosphere. But then he fell miles into the icy depths of the North Atlantic, where he remained lost for over sixty years. But now, with the world facing the very same evil, Captain America must rise again as our last hope for survival.
Title: Scooby-Doo on Zombie Island | Genres: animation, comedy, family, mystery, adventure, horror | Overview: The Mystery Gang reunite and visit Moonscar Island, a remote island with a dark secret. Daphne wants more than just a villain in a costume, and they get more than they ever expected.
Title: Moonraker | Genres: action, adventure, thriller, science fiction | Overview: After Drax Industries' Moonraker space shuttle is hijacked, secret agent James Bond is assigned to investigate, traveling to California to meet the company's owner, the mysterious Hugo Drax. With the help of scientist Dr. Holly Goodhead, Bond soon uncovers Drax's nefarious plans for humanity, all the while fending off an old nemesis, Jaws, and venturing to Venice, Rio, the Amazon...and outer space.
Title: Bad Teacher | Genres: comedy | Overview: A lazy, incompetent middle school teacher who hates her job and her students is forced to return to her job to make enough money for a boob job after her rich fiancé dumps her.
Title: Flight 7500 | Genres: thriller, horror, mystery | Overview: Flight 7500 departs Los Angeles International Airport bound for Tokyo. As the overnight flight makes its way over the Pacific Ocean during its ten-hour course, the passengers encounter what appears to be a supernatural force in the cabin.
Title: Honey 2 | Genres: music, comedy, drama | Overview: After a brush with the law, Maria has returned to her gritty Bronx roots to rebuild her life with nothing but a talent for street dance and a burning ambition to prove herself.
Title: Species II | Genres: science fiction, action, horror | Overview: Having just returned from a mission to Mars, Commander Ross isn't exactly himself. He's slowly becoming a terrifying alien entity with one goal -- to procreate with human women! When countless women suffer gruesome deaths after bearing half-alien offspring, scientist Laura Baker and hired assassin Press Lennox use Eve, a more tempered alien clone, to find Ross and his brood. Before long Eve escapes to mate with Ross.
Title: Kangaroo Jack | Genres: family, comedy, adventure, crime | Overview: Two childhood friends — a New York hairstylist and a wanna-be musician — get mixed-up with the mob and are forced to deliver $50,000 to Australia, but things go all wrong when the money is lost to a wild kangaroo.
Title: Sextuplets | Genres: comedy | Overview: Father-to-be Alan is shocked to learn that he was born a sextuplet. With his newfound brother Russell riding shotgun, the duo sets out on a hilarious journey to reunite with their remaining long-lost siblings.
Title: Personal Shopper | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Maureen, mid-20s, is a personal shopper for a media celebrity. The job pays for her stay in Paris, a city she refuses to leave until she makes contact with her twin brother who previously died there. Her life becomes more complicated when a mysterious person contacts her via text message.
Title: Neon Genesis Evangelion: Death and Rebirth | Genres: drama, science fiction, animation | Overview: Originally a collection of clips from the Neon Genesis Evangelion TV series, Death was created as a precursor to the re-worked ending of the series. Rebirth was intended as that re-worked ending, but after production overruns Rebirth became only the first half of the first part of The End of Evangelion, with some minor differences.
Title: Kung-Fu Zohra | Genres: drama, action | Overview: Zohra is convinced that separating from her husband Omar would break her little girl’s heart and so determines not to leave him despite the violence he metes out. Then she meets Chang Sue, the caretaker of the gym where she works to make ends meet. When she learns that he’s a kung fu master, Zohra asks him to teach her some self-defence basics…
Title: Stranded | Genres: drama | Overview: Tensions run high while food runs low as six influencers find themselves stranded on a secluded island after plans for a weekend escape go awry.
Title: The Grudge | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: After a young mother murders her family in her own house, a detective attempts to investigate the mysterious case, only to discover that the house is cursed by a vengeful ghost. Now targeted by the demonic spirits, the detective must do anything to protect herself and her family from harm.
Title: Unforgettable | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Julia moves in with her fiancé, David, but his ex-wife and her own haunting past join forces to rock her quiet suburban existence.
Title: Inside Man | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: When an armed, masked gang enter a Manhattan bank, lock the doors and take hostages, the detective assigned to effect their release enters negotiations preoccupied with corruption charges he is facing.
Title: Loving Pablo | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: The film chronicles the rise and fall of the world's most feared drug lord Pablo Escobar and his volatile love affair with Colombia's most famous journalist Virginia Vallejo throughout a reign of terror that tore a country apart.
Title: Wanderlust | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Rattled by sudden unemployment, a Manhattan couple surveys alternative living options, ultimately deciding to experiment with living on a rural commune where free love rules.
Title: You're Next | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: When the Davison family comes under attack during their wedding anniversary getaway, the gang of mysterious killers soon learns that one of their victims harbors a secret talent for fighting back.
Title: Pokémon the Movie: Black - Victini and Reshiram | Genres: animation, family, adventure, drama, fantasy | Overview: The Kingdom of the People of the Earth once ruled over the land, but now all that remains is the Sword of the Earth. in the city of Eindoak. Satoshi, Iris, and Dent arrive in Eindoak during a harvest festival's Pokémon Tournament and meet the legendary Pokémon Victini who wishes to share its powers of victory to someone. Elsewhere in the city, a descendant of the People of the Earth named Dred Grangil has arrived who seeks to revive the kingdom's power with the Sword of the Earth, bringing them back into power over the land, and Satoshi and his friends must stop him before he destroys the land along with Victini.
Title: Brain on Fire | Genres: drama | Overview: Susannah Cahalan, an up-and-coming journalist at the New York Post becomes plagued by voices in her head and seizures, causing a rapid descent into insanity.
"Title: Kizumonogatari Part 1: Tekketsu | Genres: animation, fantasy, mystery, horror, action | Overview: One day, Koyomi Araragi encounters the horrifying vampire, Kiss-shot Acerola-orion Heart-under-blade A.K.A. the ""King of Apparitions."" He saves the fatally wounded Kiss-shot by offering his blood at the expense of his own life as a human. Now Koyomi has to face the vampire hunters to retrieve Kiss-shot’s limbs which were taken by these hunters..."
Title: Leprechaun 4: In Space | Genres: comedy, fantasy, horror, science fiction | Overview: On a planet in a distant galaxy, a power hungry Leprechaun, holds a beautiful alien princess hostage in order to marry her for her royal title. With her title and his beloved gold, he'll be able to rule the universe. While making his maniacal plans, what he doesn't count on is an invading platoon of marines from Earth, to save the princess and foil his plans. An accomplished trickster, the Leprechaun stows himself away on the orbiting spaceship and wreaks havoc on the crew in an attempt to recapture his bride.
Title: Gurren Lagann the Movie: The Lights in the Sky Are Stars | Genres: action, science fiction, animation, adventure | Overview: Seven years after the defeat of the spiral king, Simon and the Dai-Gurren brigade must set out to the vastness of space to defeat a new threat and save the universe.
Title: Indecent Proposal | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: John Gage offers a down-on-his-luck yuppie husband $1 million for the opportunity to spend the night with the man's wife.
Title: The Legend of Drunken Master | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Returning home with his father after a shopping expedition, Wong Fei-Hong is unwittingly caught up in the battle between foreigners who wish to export ancient Chinese artifacts and loyalists who don't want the pieces to leave the country. Fei-Hong must fight against the foreigners using his Drunken Boxing style, and overcome his father's antagonism as well.
Title: I Don't Know How She Does It | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: A comedy centered on the life of Kate Reddy, a finance executive who is the breadwinner for her husband and two kids.
Title: Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Mad Max becomes a pawn in a decadent oasis of a technological society, and when exiled, becomes the deliverer of a colony of children.
Title: Heaven's Lost Property Final – The Movie: Eternally My Master | Genres: animation, romance, science fiction, comedy | Overview: Ikaros is an Angeloid and falls out of the sky. Tomoki Sakurai is a boy who believes the most important thing is to live a peaceful life. The two live tougher. Tomoki Sakurai has never seen Ikaros smile. Tomoki Sakurai sees Nymph and Astraea laugh after they got free from the master’s rule. He hopes Ikaros can laugh like an ordinary girl. This movie wraps up the story of Tomoki Sakurai and his relationship with the Angeloid from the sky, Ikaros.
Title: The Descent | Genres: adventure, horror | Overview: After a tragic accident, six friends reunite for a caving expedition. Their adventure soon goes horribly wrong when a collapse traps them deep underground and they find themselves pursued by bloodthirsty creatures. As their friendships deteriorate, they find themselves in a desperate struggle to survive the creatures and each other.
Title: Total Recall | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Construction worker Douglas Quaid's obsession with the planet Mars leads him to visit Recall, a company who manufacture memories. Something goes wrong during his memory implant turning Doug's life upside down and even to question what is reality and what isn't.
Title: Fearless | Genres: family, animation, comedy | Overview: A teen gamer is forced to level up to full-time babysitter when his favorite video game drops three superpowered infants from space into his backyard.
Title: The Girl with All the Gifts | Genres: drama, horror, thriller, science fiction | Overview: In the future, a strange fungus has changed nearly everyone into a thoughtless, flesh-eating monster. When a scientist and a teacher find a girl who seems to be immune to the fungus, they all begin a journey to save humanity.
Title: In the Realm of the Senses | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A passionate telling of the story of Sada Abe, a woman whose affair with her master led to an obsessive and ultimately destructive sexual relationship.
Title: Come True | Genres: science fiction, horror | Overview: Looking for an escape from her recurring nightmares, 18-year-old Sarah submits to a university sleep study, but soon realizes she's become the conduit to a frightening new discovery.
Title: Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo | Genres: comedy | Overview: Deuce Bigalow is a less than attractive, down on his luck aquarium cleaner. One day he wrecks the house of a gigolo and needs quick money to repair it. The only way he can make it is to become a gigolo himself, taking on an unusual mix of female clients. He encounters a couple of problems, though. He falls in love with one of his unusual clients, and a sleazy police officer is hot on his trail.
Title: Jaws: The Revenge | Genres: adventure, thriller, horror | Overview: After another deadly shark attack, Ellen Brody decides she has had enough of New England's Amity Island and moves to the Caribbean to join her son, Michael, and his family. But a great white shark has followed her there, hungry for more lives.
Title: Halloween III: Season of the Witch | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Dr. Daniel Challis and Ellie Grimbridge stumble onto a gruesome murder scheme when Ellie's novelty-salesman father, Harry, is killed while in possession of a halloween mask made by the Silver Shamrock mask company. The company's owner, Conal Cochran, wants to return Halloween to its darker roots using his masks -- and his unspeakable scheme would unleash death and destruction across the country.
Title: Shinjuku Incident | Genres: drama, action, thriller, crime | Overview: Steelhead is a Chinese laborer who comes to Japan hoping for a better life. Unable to find honest work and bullied into the shadows with his fellow Chinese illegal immigrants, he soon finds himself ascending as the boss of a black market mob. After providing a deadly service to a powerful Yakuza crime boss, Steelhead’s rise to mafia power spirals rapidly out of control as he’s given reign over the dangerous and lucrative Shinjuku district.
Title: Taxi 2 | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: A cabdriver and a cop race to Paris to rescue a love interest and the Japanese minister of defense from kidnappers.
Title: Red Dawn | Genres: action, thriller, war, drama | Overview: It is the dawn of World War III. In mid-western America, a group of teenagers band together to defend their town—and their country—from invading Soviet forces.
Title: Romeo + Juliet | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In director Baz Luhrmann's contemporary take on William Shakespeare's classic tragedy, the Montagues and Capulets have moved their ongoing feud to the sweltering suburb of Verona Beach, where Romeo and Juliet fall in love and secretly wed. Though the film is visually modern, the bard's dialogue remains.
Title: Ace Ventura: Pet Detective | Genres: comedy, adventure | Overview: He's Ace Ventura: Pet Detective. Jim Carrey is on the case to find the Miami Dolphins' missing mascot and quarterback Dan Marino. He goes eyeball to eyeball with a man-eating shark, stakes out the Miami Dolphins and woos and wows the ladies. Whether he's undercover, under fire or underwater, he always gets his man… or beast!
Title: Trading Places | Genres: comedy | Overview: A snobbish investor and a wily street con-artist find their positions reversed as part of a bet by two callous millionaires.
Title: Jism | Genres: thriller | Overview: Kabir Lal is an alcoholic lawyer whose life is looking as if going down the drain. One morning he sees a stunningly attractive woman on a beach and is instantly enamored by her. By chance he sees her again in a restaurant and offers to buy her a drink. In the process he learns that her name is Sonia and she is married. Unable to resist, he asks her whether she would show him her home. It marks the beginning of a passionate affair, during which Kabir is told that Sonia's husband neglects her. But Sonia cannot leave him because she cannot support herself without her husband's money. Sonia suggests murder and Kabir, blind with lust, agrees. They manage to kill Sonia's husband and make it look like an accident, but then Kabir gets to see Sonia's other side: she no longer is the passionate lover as before, but is a cool-headed mean woman now who won't let go of her wealth at any cost.
Title: Thunderstruck | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: After NBA star Kevin Durant switches talent with 16 year old Brian, the teenager becomes the star of his high school team, but Durant starts struggling and eventually learns an important lesson.
Title: Kung Fu Yoga | Genres: comedy, mystery, action, adventure | Overview: Two professors team up to locate a lost treasure and embark on an adventure that takes them from a Tibetan ice cave to Dubai, and to a mountain temple in India.
Title: Rurouni Kenshin Part II: Kyoto Inferno | Genres: action, adventure, drama, fantasy | Overview: Kenshin has settled into his new life with Kaoru and his other friends when he is approached with a request from the Meiji government. Makoto Shishio, a former assassin like Kenshin, was betrayed, set on fire and left for dead. He survived, and is now in Kyoto, plotting with his gathered warriors to overthrow the new government. Against Kaoru's wishes, Kenshin reluctantly agrees to go to Kyoto and help keep his country from falling back into civil war.
Title: Alien Xmas | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: A young elf mistakes a tiny alien for a Christmas gift, not knowing her new plaything has plans to destroy Earth's gravity — and steal all the presents.
Title: There's Something About Mary | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: For Ted, prom night went about as bad as it’s possible for any night to go. Thirteen years later, he finally gets another chance with his old prom date, only to run up against other suitors including the sleazy detective he hired to find her.
Title: Amores Perros | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A fatalistic car crash in Mexico City sets off a chain of events in the lives of three persons: a young man aching to run off with his sister-in-law, a supermodel, and a homeless man. Their lives are catapulted into unforeseen circumstances instigated by the seemingly inconsequential destiny of a dog.
Title: The Human Centipede 3 (Final Sequence) | Genres: horror | Overview: Taking inspiration from The Human Centipede films, the warden of a notorious and troubled prison looks to create a 500-person human centipede as a solution to his problems.
Title: Newness | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: In contemporary Los Angeles, two millennials navigating a social media–driven hookup culture begin a relationship that pushes both emotional and physical boundaries.
Title: Resident Evil: Apocalypse | Genres: horror, action, science fiction | Overview: As the city is locked down under quarantine, Alice finds out that the people that died from the previous incident at the Umbrella Corporation have turned into zombies. She then joins a small band of elite soldiers, who are enlisted to rescue the missing daughter of the creator of the mutating T-virus. Once lack of luck and resources happen, they begin to wage an exhilarating battle to survive and escape before the Umbrella Corporation erases its experiment from the face of the earth.
Title: One Piece: The Desert Princess and the Pirates: Adventure in Alabasta | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, drama, animation | Overview: A re-telling of the Alabaster Arc from One Piece (TV). Luffy and his crew come to rescue a land in the midst of a civil war, due to a powerful devil fruit user.
Title: La Luna | Genres: drama | Overview: While touring in Italy, a recently-widowed American opera singer has an incestuous relationship with her 15-year-old son to help him overcome his heroin addiction.
Title: Doctor Sleep | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Still irrevocably scarred by the trauma he endured as a child at the Overlook, Dan Torrance has fought to find some semblance of peace. But that peace is shattered when he encounters Abra, a courageous teenager with her own powerful extrasensory gift, known as the 'shine'. Instinctively recognising that Dan shares her power, Abra has sought him out, desperate for his help against the merciless Rose the Hat and her followers.
Title: Cliffhanger | Genres: action, adventure, thriller | Overview: A year after losing his friend in a tragic 4,000-foot fall, former ranger Gabe Walker and his partner, Hal, are called to return to the same peak to rescue a group of stranded climbers, only to learn the climbers are actually thieving hijackers who are looking for boxes full of money.
Title: Shutter | Genres: fantasy, horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: A young photographer Thun and his girlfriend Jane discover mysterious shadows in their photographs after fleeing the scene of an accident. As they investigate the phenomenon, they find other photographs contain similar supernatural images, that Thun's best friends are being haunted as well, and Jane discovers that her boyfriend has not told her everything. It soon becomes clear that you can not escape your past.
Title: Copshop | Genres: thriller, crime, action | Overview: On the run from a lethal assassin, a wily con artist devises a scheme to hide out inside a small-town police station. However, when the hit man turns up at the precinct, an unsuspecting rookie cop finds herself caught in the crosshairs.
Title: Level Sixteen | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: The teenage girls of Vestalis Academy are meticulously trained in the art of being “clean girls,” practicing the virtues of perfect femininity. But what exactly are they being trained for? Vivien intends to find out.
Title: Penguin Bloom | Genres: drama | Overview: When an unlikely ally enters the Bloom family's world in the form of an injured baby magpie they name Penguin, the bird’s arrival makes a profound difference in the struggling family’s life.
Title: More Than Miyagi: The Pat Morita Story | Genres: documentary | Overview: The Oscar nominated actor best known for his role of Mr. Miyagi, left behind a painfully revealing autobiographical record of his much-too-brief time here on earth. Tracing his journey from being bed bound as a boy to the bright lights and discrimination in Hollywood. Deep inside that sweet, generous, multi-talented performer seethed an army of demons, that even alcohol and drugs couldn't mask.
Title: Crimson Peak | Genres: horror, thriller, romance, mystery | Overview: In the aftermath of a family tragedy, an aspiring author is torn between love for her childhood friend and the temptation of a mysterious outsider. Trying to escape the ghosts of her past, she is swept away to a house that breathes, bleeds… and remembers.
Title: LEGO Marvel Super Heroes: Avengers Reassembled! | Genres: family, animation | Overview: The Avengers are forced to “party” with Ultron when he seeks to disassemble the team by taking control of Iron Man’s armor and enact a nefarious scheme to take over the world.
Title: The 40 Year Old Virgin | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Andy Stitzer has a pleasant life with a nice apartment and a job stamping invoices at an electronics store. But at age 40, there's one thing Andy hasn't done, and it's really bothering his sex-obsessed male co-workers: Andy is still a virgin. Determined to help Andy get laid, the guys make it their mission to de-virginize him. But it all seems hopeless until Andy meets small business owner Trish, a single mom.
Title: La Cantera | Genres: drama | Overview: A family tragedy hits an Arequipa family. A young man, convinced that the tragedy is going unpunished, decides to take justice into his own hands.
Title: Open Season: Scared Silly | Genres: animation, comedy, family, adventure | Overview: The humans and animals believe a werewolf is on the loose, and former hunter Shaw uses the opportunity to re-open the season. Boog, Elliot, and Mr. Weenie have to face their fears and find the werewolf to get the season closed permanently.
Title: Eat Pray Love | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Liz Gilbert had everything a modern woman is supposed to dream of having – a husband, a house and a successful career – yet like so many others, she found herself lost, confused and searching for what she really wanted in life. Newly divorced and at a crossroads, Gilbert steps out of her comfort zone, risking everything to change her life, embarking on a journey around the world that becomes a quest for self-discovery. In her travels, she discovers the true pleasure of nourishment by eating in Italy, the power of prayer in India and, finally and unexpectedly, the inner peace and balance of true love in Bali.
Title: Dragon Ball: Mystical Adventure | Genres: action, animation | Overview: Master Roshi has succeeded at the one mission he valued most: to train Goku and Krillin to become ultimate fighters. So, he arranges for them to test their mettle at a competition hosted by Emperor Chiaotzu. Not everyone's playing by the rules, however, as a member of the ruler's household schemes to use the Dragonballs to extort money and power from the royal.
"Title: Shallow Hal | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A shallow man falls in love with a 300 pound woman because of her ""inner beauty""."
Title: Porn Star Zombies | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: A group of adult film cast and crew members must discover what is causing their fellow stars to rabidly attack them.
Title: Twister | Genres: action, adventure, drama | Overview: An unprecedented series of violent tornadoes is sweeping across Oklahoma. Tornado chasers, headed by Dr. Jo Harding, attempt to release a groundbreaking device that will allow them to track them and create a more advanced warning system. They are joined by Jo's soon to be ex-husband Bill, a former tornado chaser himself, and his girlfriend Melissa.
Title: Fast Times at Ridgemont High | Genres: comedy | Overview: Based on the real-life adventures chronicled by Cameron Crowe, Fast Times follows a group of high school students growing up in Southern California. Stacy Hamilton and Mark Ratner are looking for a love interest, and are helped along by their older classmates, Linda Barrett and Mike Damone, respectively. At the center of the film is Jeff Spicoli, a perpetually stoned surfer who faces-off with the resolute Mr. Hand—a man convinced that everyone is on dope.
Title: The Black Cauldron | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: Taran is an assistant pigkeeper with boyish dreams of becoming a great warrior. However, he has to put the daydreaming aside when his charge, an oracular pig named Hen Wen, is kidnapped by an evil lord known as the Horned King. The villain hopes Hen will show him the way to The Black Cauldron, which has the power to create a giant army of unstoppable soldiers.
Title: Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas | Genres: adventure, drama, comedy | Overview: Raoul Duke and his attorney Dr. Gonzo drive a red convertible across the Mojave desert to Las Vegas with a suitcase full of drugs to cover a motorcycle race. As their consumption of drugs increases at an alarming rate, the stoned duo trash their hotel room and fear legal repercussions. Duke begins to drive back to L.A., but after an odd run-in with a cop, he returns to Sin City and continues his wild drug binge.
"Title: The Anthem of the Heart | Genres: drama | Overview: Jun is a girl whose words have been sealed away so that she cannot hurt anyone with them. But, one day, she is nominated to become an executive member of the ""community outreach council."" On top of that, Jun is also appointed to play the main lead in their musical..."
Title: [REC]³ Genesis | Genres: horror | Overview: A pair of newlyweds must fight to survive when their wedding reception descends into chaos and carnage when their guests become infected by a virus that turns them into hungry zombies.
Title: Ex Machina | Genres: drama, science fiction | Overview: Caleb, a coder at the world's largest internet company, wins a competition to spend a week at a private mountain retreat belonging to Nathan, the reclusive CEO of the company. But when Caleb arrives at the remote location he finds that he will have to participate in a strange and fascinating experiment in which he must interact with the world's first true artificial intelligence, housed in the body of a beautiful robot girl.
Title: Licence to Kill | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: After capturing the notorious drug lord Franz Sanchez, Bond's close friend and former CIA agent Felix Leiter is left for dead and his wife is murdered. Bond goes rogue and seeks vengeance on those responsible, as he infiltrates Sanchez's organization from the inside.
Title: Primeval | Genres: adventure, horror | Overview: A news team is sent to Burundi to capture and bring home a legendary 25-foot crocodile. Their difficult task turns potentially deadly when a warlord targets them for death.
Title: Uptown Girls | Genres: family, comedy, drama | Overview: Molly Gunn, the freewheeling daughter of a deceased rock legend, is forced to get a job when her manager steals her money. As nanny for precocious Ray, the oft ignored daughter of a music executive she learns what it means to be an adult while teaching Ray how to be a child.
Title: Mortal Kombat | Genres: action, fantasy | Overview: For nine generations an evil sorcerer has been victorious in hand-to-hand battle against his mortal enemies. If he wins a tenth Mortal Kombat tournament, desolation and evil will reign over the multiverse forever. To save Earth, three warriors must overcome seemingly insurmountable odds, their own inner demons, and superhuman foes in this action/adventure movie based on one of the most popular video games of all time.
Title: Tremors | Genres: horror, comedy, action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Hick handymen Val McKee and Earl Bassett can barely eke out a living in the Nevada hamlet of Perfection, so they decide to leave town -- despite an admonition from a shapely seismology coed who's picking up odd readings on her equipment. Before long, Val and Earl discover what's responsible for those readings: 30-foot-long carnivorous worms with a proclivity for sucking their prey underground.
Title: The Death of Superman | Genres: science fiction, animation, action, drama | Overview: When a hulking monster arrives on Earth and begins a mindless rampage, the Justice League is quickly called in to stop it. But it soon becomes apparent that only Superman can stand against the monstrosity.
Title: Cats & Dogs: The Revenge of Kitty Galore | Genres: comedy, family, action, fantasy, adventure, mystery | Overview: The ongoing war between the canine and feline species is put on hold when they join forces to thwart a rogue cat spy with her own sinister plans for conquest.
Title: Miss Sloane | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: An ambitious lobbyist faces off against the powerful gun lobby in an attempt to pass gun control legislation.
"Title: Snake in the Eagle's Shadow | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Everyone abuses and humiliates a downtrodden orphan (Chan) until he befriends an old man, who turns out to be the last master of the ""snake fist"" fighting style. Jackie becomes the old man's student and finds himself in battle with the master of the ""eagle's claw"" style, who has vowed to destroy the snake fist clan."
Title: A Model Kidnapping | Genres: thriller, tv movie | Overview: Grace, an aspiring model, is thrilled to have fashion photographer Hunter Kelly help launch her career. But when Grace is held against her will, Hunter’s true intention to use her as his next “star” on a sexy website is revealed. With courage and resourcefulness, Grace must now find a way to escape before she becomes Hunter’s next model murder victim. Inspired by true events.
Title: My Name Is Khan | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Rizwan Khan, a Muslim from the Borivali section of Mumbai, has Asperger's syndrome. He marries a Hindu single mother, Mandira, in San Francisco. After 9/11, Rizwan is detained by authorities at LAX who treat him as a terrorist because of his condition and his race.
Title: Wolfwalkers | Genres: animation, family, adventure, fantasy | Overview: In a time of superstition and magic, when wolves are seen as demonic and nature an evil to be tamed, a young apprentice hunter comes to Ireland with her father to wipe out the last pack. But when she saves a wild native girl, their friendship leads her to discover the world of the Wolfwalkers and transform her into the very thing her father is tasked to destroy.
Title: Scooby-Doo! and the Monster of Mexico | Genres: animation, comedy, family, mystery | Overview: A friend of Fred's, Alejo Otero, invites the Scooby gang to Veracruz, Mexico. There they find a monster, El Chupacabra, terrorizing the town.
Title: Sorry If I Call You Love | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A successful, attractive, intelligent and brilliant advertising executive is longing to finally find emotional stability in his life, and decides to propose to his girlfriend. After she refuses his proposal, his life takes a turn when a new young lady enters his life.
Title: Pokémon: Giratina and the Sky Warrior | Genres: family, adventure, animation, fantasy | Overview: When Giratina is discovered to be able to create parallel dimensions, it's up to Ash and his friends to stop a mysterious stranger from using its powers for evil.
Title: Doraemon: Nobita and the Galaxy Super-express | Genres: animation, science fiction, action | Overview: Doraemon went missing for 3 days. But it turns out later that he went to the 22nd century to buy a mystery galactic express train ticket whose destination is a secret until the passengers arrive there and see for themselves.
Title: At the End of the Tunnel | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: A paraplegic computer engineer that moves in a wheelchair and works in his basement starts hearing noises and voices of bank-robbers.
Title: Red Lights | Genres: thriller | Overview: Two investigators of paranormal hoaxes, the veteran Dr. Margaret Matheson and her young assistant, Tom Buckley, study the most varied metaphysical phenomena with the aim of proving their fraudulent origins. Simon Silver, a legendary blind psychic, reappears after an enigmatic absence of 30 years to become the greatest international challenge to both orthodox science and professional sceptics. Tom starts to develop an intense obsession with Silver, whose magnetism becomes stronger with each new manifestation of inexplicable events. As Tom gets closer to Silver, tension mounts, and his worldview is threatened to its core.
Title: Trouble | Genres: animation, adventure, family, comedy, music | Overview: A pampered dog named Trouble must learn to live in the real world while trying to escape from his former owner's greedy children and must learn how to survive on the big-city streets.
Title: Something the Lord Made | Genres: tv movie, drama | Overview: A dramatization of the relationship between heart surgery pioneers Alfred Blalock and Vivien Thomas.
"Title: Shottas | Genres: action, adventure, crime, drama | Overview: A raw urban drama about two friends raised on the dangerous streets of Kingston, Jamaica. Biggs and Wayne take on the ""Shotta"" way of life to survive. As young boys, they begin a life of crime, eventually moving to the US where they begin a ruthless climb from the bottom. They remain bound to each other by their shottas loyalty as they aggressively take control of the Jamaican underworld."
Title: Bedazzled | Genres: fantasy, comedy, romance | Overview: Elliot Richardson, a suicidal techno geek, is given seven wishes to turn his life around when he meets a very seductive Satan. The catch: his soul. Some of his wishes include a 7 foot basketball star, a rock star, and a hamburger. But, as could be expected, the Devil puts her own little twist on each of his fantasies.
"Title: Patema Inverted | Genres: animation, adventure, drama, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: In an underground world where tunnels extend everywhere, even though they live in dark and confined spaces, people wear protective clothes and lead quiet and enjoyable lives. Patema, a princess in her underground village, loves to explore the tunnels. Her favorite place is a ""danger zone"" that her village prohibits people from entering. Even though she's scolded, Patema's curiosity can't be held back. No one ever explained what the supposed danger was. On her usual trip to the ""danger zone,"" Patema faces unexpected events. When hidden secrets come to light, the story begins to unfold."
Title: Children Who Chase Lost Voices | Genres: animation, adventure, drama, fantasy | Overview: The film centers on Asuna, a young girl who spends her solitary days listening to the mysterious music emanating from the crystal radio she received from her late father as a memento. One day while walking home she is attacked by a fearsome monster and saved mysterious boy named Shun. However, Shun disappears and Asuna embarks on a journey of adventure to the land of Agartha with her teacher Mr. Morisaki to meet a Shun again. Through her journey she comes to know the cruelty and beauty of the world, as well as loss.
Title: The Muppets | Genres: family, comedy, music | Overview: When Kermit the Frog and the Muppets learn that their beloved theater is slated for demolition, a sympathetic human, Gary, and his puppet brother, Walter, swoop in to help the gang put on a show and raise the $10 million they need to save the day.
Title: Bad Luck Banging or Loony Porn | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Emi, a school teacher, finds her career and reputation under threat after a personal sex tape is leaked on the Internet. Forced to meet the parents demanding her dismissal, Emi refuses to surrender to their pressure.
Title: Adventures of a Mathematician | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The warmhearted story of Polish immigrant and mathematician Stan Ulam, who moved to the U.S. in the 1930s. Stan deals with the difficult losses of family and friends all while helping to create the hydrogen bomb and the first computer.
Title: The Starling | Genres: drama | Overview: A woman adjusting to life after a loss contends with a feisty bird that's taken over her garden — and a husband who's struggling to find a way forward.
"Title: Starship Troopers | Genres: adventure, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Set in the future, the story follows a young soldier named Johnny Rico and his exploits in the Mobile Infantry. Rico's military career progresses from recruit to non-commissioned officer and finally to officer against the backdrop of an interstellar war between mankind and an arachnoid species known as ""the Bugs""."
Title: A Few Good Men | Genres: drama | Overview: When cocky military lawyer Lt. Daniel Kaffee and his co-counsel, Lt. Cmdr. JoAnne Galloway, are assigned to a murder case, they uncover a hazing ritual that could implicate high-ranking officials such as shady Col. Nathan Jessep.
Title: Entrapment | Genres: romance, drama, mystery | Overview: Two thieves, who travel in elegant circles, try to outsmart each other and, in the process, end up falling in love.
Title: Don't Air Your Dirty Laundry In Public | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Lupita and Toña work as housemaids at the Ruíz Palacio’s house, an aristocratic Mexican family. For a long time they have been mistreated and poorly paid. They’re now fed up with the abuse and lack of respect they get from their employers.
Title: Hunter x Hunter: Phantom Rouge | Genres: animation, adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: Gon, Killua, Kurapika and Leorio reunite to face a dangerous opponent who was once a member of the Phantom Troupe.
Title: Downsizing | Genres: comedy, drama, science fiction | Overview: A kindly occupational therapist undergoes a new procedure to be shrunken to four inches tall so that he and his wife can help save the planet and afford a nice lifestyle at the same time.
Title: The Golden Compass | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: After overhearing a shocking secret, precocious orphan Lyra Belacqua trades her carefree existence roaming the halls of Jordan College for an otherworldly adventure in the far North, unaware that it's part of her destiny.
Title: Bad Moms | Genres: comedy | Overview: When three overworked and under-appreciated moms are pushed beyond their limits, they ditch their conventional responsibilities for a jolt of long overdue freedom, fun, and comedic self-indulgence.
"Title: Misery | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Novelist Paul Sheldon crashes his car on a snowy Colorado road. He is found by Annie Wilkes, the ""number one fan"" of Paul's heroine Misery Chastaine. Annie is also dangerously unstable, and Paul finds himself crippled, drugged, and at her mercy."
Title: Changeling | Genres: crime, drama, mystery | Overview: Christine Collins is overjoyed when her kidnapped son is brought back home. But when Christine suspects that the boy returned to her isn't her child, the police captain has her committed to an asylum.
Title: The Marine 5: Battleground | Genres: action | Overview: While working as an EMT back stateside Jake Carter after responding to a distress call, finds himself caught up protecting a person of interest from a biker gang ruthlessly hunting them down.
Title: The Brothers Grimm | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action, comedy, thriller | Overview: Folklore collectors and con artists, Jake and Will Grimm, travel from village to village pretending to protect townsfolk from enchanted creatures and performing exorcisms. However, they are put to the test when they encounter a real magical curse in a haunted forest with real magical beings, requiring genuine courage.
Title: The Outsiders | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: When two poor Greasers, Johnny and Ponyboy, are assaulted by a vicious gang, the Socs, and Johnny kills one of the attackers, tension begins to mount between the two rival gangs, setting off a turbulent chain of events.
Title: Chapo: El Escape Del Siglo | Genres: thriller, action, adventure, crime | Overview: A famous drug kingpin escapes from prison. The mexican president wants him back in jail whereas the U.S. government wants him dead.
Title: Ju-on: The Grudge | Genres: horror | Overview: Volunteer home-care worker Rika is assigned to visit a family, she is cursed and chased by two revengeful fiends: Kayako, a woman brutally murdered by her husband and her son Toshio. Each person that lives in or visits the haunted house is murdered or disappears.
Title: The Legend of Hercules | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: In Ancient Greece 1200 B.C., a queen succumbs to the lust of Zeus to bear a son promised to overthrow the tyrannical rule of the king and restore peace to a land in hardship. But this prince, Hercules, knows nothing of his real identity or his destiny. He desires only one thing: the love of Hebe, Princess of Crete, who has been promised to his own brother. When Hercules learns of his greater purpose, he must choose: to flee with his true love or to fulfill his destiny and become the true hero of his time. The story behind one of the greatest myths is revealed in this action-packed epic - a tale of love, sacrifice and the strength of the human spirit.
Title: Northmen: A Viking Saga | Genres: adventure, action, drama | Overview: A band of Vikings cross enemy lines and a panicked race begins. The losers will pay with their lives.
Title: Liar Liar | Genres: comedy | Overview: Fletcher Reede is a fast-talking attorney and habitual liar. When his son Max blows out the candles on his fifth birthday he has just one wish - that his dad will stop lying for 24 hours. When Max's wish comes true, Fletcher discovers that his mouth has suddenly become his biggest liability.
Title: My Sassy Girl | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: A dweeby, mild-mannered man comes to the aid of a drunk young woman on a subway platform. Little does he know how much trouble he’s in for.
Title: Death Note | Genres: crime, drama, fantasy, horror, thriller | Overview: A young man comes to possess a supernatural notebook, the Death Note, that grants him the power to kill any person simply by writing down their name on the pages. He then decides to use the notebook to kill criminals and change the world, but an enigmatic detective attempts to track him down and end his reign of terror.
Title: Alanis | Genres: drama | Overview: A young mother and sex worker from Buenos Aires suffers the hypocrisy of the laws that are supposed to protect her, in this compelling, profoundly political drama about the dismal choices foisted upon vulnerable women.
Title: Trainspotting | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Heroin addict Mark Renton stumbles through bad ideas and sobriety attempts with his unreliable friends -- Sick Boy, Begbie, Spud and Tommy. He also has an underage girlfriend, Diane, along for the ride. After cleaning up and moving from Edinburgh to London, Mark finds he can't escape the life he left behind when Begbie shows up at his front door on the lam, and a scheming Sick Boy follows.
Title: Arthur and the Revenge of Maltazard | Genres: adventure, fantasy, animation, family | Overview: Arthur answers a distress call from Princess Selenia, who is menaced by the nefarious Maltazard.
Title: Four Brothers | Genres: action, crime | Overview: Four adopted brothers return to their Detroit hometown when their mother is murdered and vow to exact revenge on the killers.
Title: The Pirates | Genres: action, history, adventure, drama, fantasy | Overview: At the cusp of the founding of Joseon Dynasty, an envoy from China is delivering Emperor’s Ming’s Royal Seal. But nature in the form of a giant whale intervenes and swallows the royal seal. When a generous reward is offered to whomever can retrieve the royal seal from the belly of the whale, the race is on. A group of mountain bandits led by Jang Sa Jung (Kim Nam Gil) and a group of pirates led by Yeo Wol (Son Ye Jin) go after the lost treasure, but who will get to to it first?
Title: Leprechaun in the Hood | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: When Butch, Postmaster P, and Stray Bullet loot the local hip-hop mogul's studio to fund their demo album, the threesome unwittingly ends up with the secret of Mack Daddy's success: a magical flute. Their gigs instantly turn golden but a blood-thristy Leprechaun and an angry Mack Daddy are hot on their trail, leaving a wake of destruction tainted by politically incorrect limericks.
"Title: Legend of the BoneKnapper Dragon | Genres: animation, fantasy, family, adventure, comedy, tv movie | Overview: The film follows Hiccup and his young fellows accompanying their mentor, Gobber, on a quest to kill the legendary Boneknapper Dragon. An extra that accompanies the film ""How to Train Your Dragon""."
Title: Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves | Genres: action, adventure, drama, romance | Overview: When the dastardly Sheriff of Nottingham murders Robin's father, the legendary archer vows vengeance. To accomplish his mission, Robin joins forces with a band of exiled villagers (and comely Maid Marian), and together they battle to end the evil sheriff's reign of terror.
Title: Enola Holmes | Genres: mystery, crime, adventure | Overview: While searching for her missing mother, intrepid teen Enola Holmes uses her sleuthing skills to outsmart big brother Sherlock and help a runaway lord.
Title: 50/50 | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Inspired by a true story, a comedy centered on a 27-year-old guy who learns of his cancer diagnosis and his subsequent struggle to beat the disease.
Title: Traffik | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A couple off for a romantic weekend in the mountains are accosted by a biker gang. Alone in the mountains, Brea and John must defend themselves against the gang, who will stop at nothing to protect their secrets.
Title: The Finest Hours | Genres: action, drama, history, thriller | Overview: The Coast Guard makes a daring rescue attempt off the coast of Cape Cod after a pair of oil tankers are destroyed during a blizzard in 1952.
Title: The Witcher: Nightmare of the Wolf | Genres: animation, action, fantasy | Overview: Escaping from poverty to become a witcher, Vesemir slays monsters for coin and glory, but when a new menace rises, he must face the demons of his past.
Title: Jackass 3.5 | Genres: comedy, documentary, action | Overview: Johnny Knoxville of 'Jackass' releases unused material of stunts, tricks, antics and shenanigans shot during the production of 'Jackass 3D' that didn't make it into the film, as well as the hilarious outtakes.
Title: The Grandmaster | Genres: action, drama, history | Overview: Ip Man's peaceful life in Foshan changes after Gong Yutian seeks an heir for his family in Southern China. Ip Man then meets Gong Er who challenges him for the sake of regaining her family's honor. After the Second Sino-Japanese War, Ip Man moves to Hong Kong and struggles to provide for his family. In the mean time, Gong Er chooses the path of vengeance after her father was killed by Ma San.
Title: The Curse of Buckout Road | Genres: horror | Overview: A college class project on creation and destruction of modern myth, turns terrifying when a trio of young people come to realize the urban legends surrounding the famed Buckout Road may, in fact, be REAL.
Title: Diego Maradona | Genres: documentary | Overview: Constructed from over 500 hours of never-before-seen footage, this documentary centers on the personal life and career of the controversial football player Diego Maradona who played for SSC Napoli and Argentina in the 1980s.
Title: Status Update | Genres: comedy, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: After being uprooted by his parents' separation and unable to fit into his new hometown, a teenager stumbles upon a magical app that causes his social media updates to come true.
Title: Fantasy Island | Genres: horror, fantasy, adventure, mystery | Overview: A group of contest winners arrive at an island hotel to live out their dreams, only to find themselves trapped in nightmare scenarios.
Title: Bankrolled | Genres: comedy | Overview: While blind drunk, two unemployed millennials entrepreneurs drunkenly post a video pitch about their revolutionary app to a crowdfunding site. When the app catches fire and they accidentally raise millions of dollars they actually have to create the app.
Title: Psycho-Pass: The Movie | Genres: animation, science fiction, action | Overview: Year 2116—The Japanese government begins to export the Sibyl System unmanned drone robots to troubled countries, and the system spreads throughout the world. A state in the midst of a civil war, SEAUn (the South East Asia Union), brings in the Sibyl System as an experiment. Under the new system, the coastal town of Shambala Float achieves temporary peace and safety. But then SEAUn sends terrorists to Japan. They slip through the Sibyl System and then attack from within. The shadow of a certain man falls on this incident. In charge of the police, Tsunemori travels to Shambala Float to investigate. The truth of justice on this new ground will become clear.
Title: Alien Outbreak | Genres: science fiction, horror | Overview: In a small rural community, local police officers Zoe and Patrick begin their shift as normal but soon, strange events unfold. Residents begin behaving erratically, and suicidal panic spreads amongst the township they are trying to protect. Zoe and Patrick realise alien machines are taking hold, cutting their small group of survivors off from the outside world. Can the determined humans band together to save their community, and all mankind, from extinction?
Title: The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo | Genres: thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: This English-language adaptation of the Swedish novel by Stieg Larsson follows a disgraced journalist, Mikael Blomkvist, as he investigates the disappearance of a weary patriarch's niece from 40 years ago. He is aided by the pierced, tattooed, punk computer hacker named Lisbeth Salander. As they work together in the investigation, Blomkvist and Salander uncover immense corruption beyond anything they have ever imagined.
Title: Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: A quartet of humanoid turtles, trained by their mentor in ninjitsu, must learn to work together to face the menace of Shredder and the Foot Clan.
Title: Robot Overlords | Genres: science fiction, adventure, action | Overview: Earth has been conquered by robots from another galaxy and the human survivors must stay in their homes, or risk incineration.
Title: The Danish Girl | Genres: drama | Overview: When Gerda Wegener asks her husband Einar to fill in as a portrait model, Einar discovers the person she's meant to be and begins living her life as Lili Elbe. Having realized her true self and with Gerda's love and support, Lili embarks on a groundbreaking journey as a transgender pioneer.
Title: The Craft | Genres: horror, drama, fantasy | Overview: A Catholic school newcomer falls in with a clique of teen witches who wield their powers against all who dare to cross them -- be they teachers, rivals or meddlesome parents.
Title: The Maid | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: An emotionally troubled teenager gets into a passionate relationship with the older French woman working in his father's house.
Title: Dragons: Gift of the Night Fury | Genres: animation, comedy, adventure, family | Overview: Hiccup and Toothless go on an exciting adventure and discover an island of new dragons.
Title: Starship Troopers: Invasion | Genres: animation, action, science fiction | Overview: A distant Federation outpost Fort Casey comes under attack by bugs. The team on the fast attack ship Alesia is assigned to help the Starship John A. Warden stationed in Fort Casey evacuate along with the survivors and bring military intelligence safely back to Earth. Carl Jenkins, now ministry of Paranormal Warfare, takes the starship on a clandestine mission before its rendezvous with the Alesia and goes missing in the nebula. Now, the battle-hardened troopers are charged with a rescue mission that may lead to a much more sinister consequence than they ever could have imagined....
Title: Spread | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: In Los Angeles, Nikki is homeless, car-less and closing in on 30, but he's amoral, good-looking, and adept in the sack, moving from one wealthy woman of 35 or 40 to another, a kept boy-toy. His newest gig, with Samantha, an attorney whose house overlooks L.A., is sweet, although it's unclear how long she'll put up with him. Then Nikki meets Heather, a waitress. Is the player being played, or might this be love? What will Nikki discover?
Title: Hustlers | Genres: drama, comedy, crime | Overview: A crew of savvy former strip club employees band together to turn the tables on their Wall Street clients.
Title: Exorcist II: The Heretic | Genres: horror, thriller, fantasy, drama | Overview: Bizarre nightmares plague Regan MacNeil four years after her possession and exorcism. Has the demon returned? And if so, can the combined faith and knowledge of a Vatican investigator and a hypnotic research specialist free her from its grasp?
Title: Possessed | Genres: animation, comedy, horror | Overview: Trini is the most famous flamingo dancer in the world and she has an envious life. Everyone loves her dancing, but when a seemingly innocuous domestic accident takes her husband's life, a deep depression falls over Trini forcing her to quit the stage. Damien's behaviour, her 8-year-old son, becomes uncontrollably forcing Trini to call upon doctor after doctor to provide relief. When no answers can be found, there is left only one possible explanation - Damien has been possessed by a dark spirit! Trini begins a desperate quest to repair her shattered family. This search eventually leads to a defrocked priest called Father Lenin whose own severe spiritual crisis may not bode well for what lays ahead. With no where to turn and all other hopes to save her shattered family exhausted, Trini must place her faith in a man whose faith is... questionable!
Title: 47 Hours to Live | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: Two socially awkward teenage girls, are bored one night and turn to the internet for scary stories. They find a game on a creepy website that claims you can use your phone to summon the supernatural...and if you lose the game...you lose your life.
Title: Single Mother by Choice | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Tracking a real-life pregnancy, this fictional film tells the story of a Latinx workaholic who’s determined to have a baby on her own terms and gets more than she bargained for when she gets pregnant in the year 2020.
Title: DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story | Genres: comedy | Overview: When megalomaniacal White Goodman, the owner of a trendy, high-end fitness center, makes a move to take over the struggling local gym run by happy-go-lucky Pete La Fleur, there's only one way for La Fleur to fight back: dodgeball. Aided by a dodgeball guru and Goodman's attorney, La Fleur and his rag-tag team of underdogs launch a knock-down, drag-out battle in which the winner takes all.
Title: Halloween II | Genres: horror | Overview: Laurie Strode struggles to come to terms with her brother Michael's deadly return to Haddonfield, Illinois. Meanwhile, Michael prepares for another reunion with his sister.
Title: A Christmas Together With You | Genres: tv movie, romance, drama | Overview: During the Christmas season, Megan and her father-figure Frank head out on a road trip to find his long-lost love. Along the way, Megan finds the love of her own life.
Title: The Prey | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: A robber escapes from prison with a single objective in mind: to track down his former cellmate, a serial killer who intends to pin his crimes on him. A cop is sent after the robber who, despite his best efforts, soon becomes Public Enemy Number One. As the protagonists are driven to their limits, it becomes increasingly unclear who is the hunter and who is the prey.
"Title: The Little Rascals | Genres: romance, comedy, family | Overview: When nine-year-old Alfalfa falls for Darla, his ""He-Man-Woman-Hating"" friends attempt to sabotage their relationship."
Title: The Dead Don't Die | Genres: comedy, horror, fantasy | Overview: In a small peaceful town, zombies suddenly rise to terrorize the town. Now three bespectacled police officers and a strange Scottish morgue expert must band together to defeat the undead.
Title: The Second Coming of Christ | Genres: action, drama | Overview: The journey of a woman scientist who, at the end of times, discovers that true Faith can bring Miracles.
Title: A Choice of Weapons: Inspired by Gordon Parks | Genres: documentary | Overview: This documentary chronicles renaissance man Gordon Parks’ stellar career from staff photographer for LIFE magazine, through his artistic development photographing everyday Americans, through his evolution as a novelist and groundbreaking filmmaker.
Title: Detetive Madeinusa | Genres: comedy | Overview: A bumbling new detective is hired by a billionaire lobbyist to investigate the theft of a prized ox. To unravel the peculiar case, he forms an unbeatable team with his assistant Uóston, the waitress and psychic Marcela, the detective accessories store clerk Larissa and the hacker Zuleide. Together, they embark on a fun investigation.
Title: Sometimes They Come Back | Genres: horror, tv movie | Overview: Based on a short story by Stephen King, a man and his family return to his home town, but he is then harassed by teenagers that died when he was a kid.
Title: Hackers | Genres: action, crime, thriller, drama | Overview: Along with his new friends, a teenager who was arrested by the US Secret Service and banned from using a computer for writing a computer virus discovers a plot by a nefarious hacker, but they must use their computer skills to find the evidence while being pursued by the Secret Service and the evil computer genius behind the virus.
Title: Dragons: Rescue Riders: Secrets of the Songwing | Genres: family, animation | Overview: When a musical dragon with a beautiful voice hypnotizes the dragons and people of Huttsgalor, the Rescue Riders have to find a way to break the spell.
Title: Scooby-Doo! Pirates Ahoy! | Genres: fantasy, animation, comedy, family, mystery, adventure | Overview: Ghost pirates attack the cruise ship that Scooby and the gang are vacationing on.
Title: Ajin: Demi-Human | Genres: action, horror, mystery | Overview: Ajin is a live-action adaptation of a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Gamon Sakurai. Kei Nagai dies in a car accident, but realises he is a type of immortal known as Ajin (demi-human). Hunted by humans, Ajin is eventually found by the government and used as a subject in cruel experiments. He finds fellow demi-humans along the way as he escapes and goes on the run.
Title: The War with Grandpa | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Peter is thrilled that his Grandpa is coming to live with his family. That is, until Grandpa moves into Peter's room, forcing him upstairs into the creepy attic. And though he loves his Grandpa, he wants his room back - so he has no choice but to declare war.
Title: Black Adam | Genres: action, fantasy, adventure | Overview: Nearly 5,000 years after he was bestowed with the almighty powers of the Egyptian gods—and imprisoned just as quickly—Black Adam is freed from his earthly tomb, ready to unleash his unique form of justice on the modern world.
Title: Lethal Weapon 2 | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, crime, thriller | Overview: In the opening chase, Martin Riggs and Roger Murtaugh stumble across a trunk full of Krugerrands. They follow the trail to a South African diplomat who's using his immunity to conceal a smuggling operation. When he plants a bomb under Murtaugh's toilet, the action explodes!
Title: Young Mother | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: In the period of ninteen-year-old lust, repeater Jin-goo enjoys an erotic moment to himself while thinking about his pretty English tutor. Then one day, he is caught in the middle of an embarassing moment and become awkward with her. However, this becomes an opportunity and she starts teaching him sex. Their replationship becomes uncontrollable romance. However, she quits the tutoring and the relationship to get married. Time goes and Jin-goo is a grown up. He's used to thoughtless sex. However, his partner of benefit gets pregnant so he meets his future-mother-in-law to talk about marriage. However, she's so beautiful and sexy. He moves in with the in-laws but soon breaks out of the marrige due to his wife's fling. The mother-in-law doesn't know how to make it up to him for what her daughter has done. Jin-goo suggests something dangerous...
Title: Accident Man | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Mike Fallon, the Accident Man, is a stone cold killer. When a loved one is murdered by his own crew, Fallon is forced to avenge the one person who actually meant something to him.
"Title: The Fighter | Genres: drama | Overview: Boxer ""Irish"" Micky Ward's unlikely road to the world light welterweight title. His Rocky-like rise was shepherded by half-brother Dicky, a boxer-turned-trainer who rebounded in life after nearly being KO'd by drugs and crime."
Title: Unstoppable | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A runaway train, transporting deadly, toxic chemicals, is barreling down on Stanton, Pennsylvania, and proves to be unstoppable until a veteran engineer and young conductor risk their lives to try and stop it with a switch engine.
Title: Stand by Me Doraemon 2 | Genres: animation, family, science fiction | Overview: She and her beloved Shizuka are finally married! Nobita's childhood dream was supposed to come true on his wedding day, but for some reason, Nobita doesn't show up... One of the most popular episodes from the original story transcends time and space, and leads to Nobita's future. Doraemon and Nobita's great adventure begins in order to fulfill his grandmother's wish to see his bride at first sight. This is a story of tears and bonds, set in the past, present and future.
Title: One Piece: The Movie | Genres: action, animation, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: There once was a pirate known as the Great Gold Pirate Woonan, who obtained almost one-third of the world's gold. Over the course of a few years, the pirate's existence faded, and a legend grew that he disappeared with his gold to a remote island, an island pirates continue to search for. Aboard the Going Merry, Luffy and his crew, starved and reckless, are robbed of their treasure. In an attempt to get it back, they wreck the getaway ship, guided by a young boy named Tobio, who's a captured part of El Drago's pirate crew. El Drago's love for gold has driven him to look for Woonan's island, and thanks to Woonan's treasure map, he finds it. During this time, Luffy's crew have been split up, and despite their own circumstances, they must find a way to stop El Drago from obtaining Woonan's gold.
Title: The Courier | Genres: crime, action, drama, thriller | Overview: This intense action-thriller unfolds in real time as two embattled souls fight for their lives. Gary Oldman stars as a vicious crime boss out to kill Nick, the lone witness set to testify against him. He hires a mysterious female motorcycle courier to unknowingly deliver a poison-gas bomb to slay Nick, but after she rescues Nick from certain death, the duo must confront an army of ruthless hired killers in order to survive the night.
Title: Pete's Dragon | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: For years, old wood carver Mr. Meacham has delighted local children with his tales of the fierce dragon that resides deep in the woods of the Pacific Northwest. To his daughter, Grace, who works as a forest ranger, these stories are little more than tall tales... until she meets Pete, a mysterious 10-year-old with no family and no home who claims to live in the woods with a giant, green dragon named Elliott. And from Pete's descriptions, Elliott seems remarkably similar to the dragon from Mr. Meacham's stories. With the help of Natalie, an 11-year-old girl whose father Jack owns the local lumber mill, Grace sets out to determine where Pete came from, where he belongs, and the truth about this dragon.
Title: Tini: The New Life of Violetta | Genres: comedy, drama, music | Overview: A teen star ventures out to the Italian countryside for a summer and emerges a new artist.
Title: Recess: School's Out | Genres: science fiction, family, comedy, animation | Overview: It's the most exciting time of year at Third Street Elementary-- the end of the School Year! But boredom quickly sets in for protagonist TJ Detweiler, as his friends are headed for Summer Camp. One day, while passing by the school on his bike, he notices a green glow coming from the school's auditorium. This is the work of the insidious ex-principal of Third Street, Phillium Benedict and his gang of ninjas and secret service look-alikes! Benedict is planning to get rid of Summer Vacation using his newly-acquired Tractor Beam, which he stole from the US Military Base in an effort to raise US Test Scores, and it's up to the Recess Gang to stop him!
Title: Twitches Too | Genres: drama, family, fantasy, tv movie | Overview: Reunited witch twins Camryn and Alex adjust to their new life as supernatural beings while at the same time trying to maintain a normal existence in this sequel to the magical Disney Channel original movie Twitches. But they soon find themselves going head to head with the forces of darkness that threaten to destroy their world. Luckily, their birth mother, the powerful Miranda, is on hand to help out.
Title: The Grudge 3 | Genres: mystery, horror, thriller | Overview: Jake Kimble, the sole survivor of the Chicago massacre, is killed while in solitary confinement. His doctor begins investigating the claims he made about a long-haired woman in white, as a mysterious Japanese woman arrives at his old apartment building to help them get rid of the curse.
Title: Hotel Transylvania: Puppy! | Genres: family, fantasy, animation, comedy | Overview: The residents of Hotel Transylvania find their world turned upside-down when youngster Dennis gets a surprise monster-sized pet.
Title: Kill 'em All | Genres: action, crime | Overview: After a massive shootout, a mysterious stranger arrives at a local hospital on the brink of death. Then, a foreign gang brazenly comes to the hospital to hunt him down. His nurse, the sole surviving witness to the follow-up shootout, must face an FBI interrogation that unlocks a plot of international intrigue and revenge.
Title: Escape from Pretoria | Genres: drama, history, thriller | Overview: South Africa, 1978. Tim Jenkin and Stephen Lee, two white political activists from the African National Congress imprisoned by the apartheid regime, put a plan in motion to escape from the infamous Pretoria Prison.
Title: Tammy | Genres: comedy | Overview: After losing her job and learning that her husband has been unfaithful, a woman hits the road with her profane, hard-drinking grandmother.
Title: She's All That | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: High school hotshot Zach Siler is the envy of his peers. But his popularity declines sharply when his cheerleader girlfriend, Taylor, leaves him for sleazy reality-television star Brock Hudson. Desperate to revive his fading reputation, Siler agrees to a seemingly impossible challenge. He has six weeks to gain the trust of nerdy outcast Laney Boggs -- and help her to become the school's next prom queen.
Title: Fullmetal Alchemist the Movie: Conqueror of Shamballa | Genres: action, adventure, animation, drama | Overview: Munich, Germany, 1923. Two years have passed since Edward Elric was dragged from his own world to ours, leaving behind his country, his friends and his younger brother, Alphonse. Stripped of his alchemical powers, he has been all this time researching rocketry together with Alphonse Heiderich, a young man who resembles his own brother, hoping to one day find a way back home. His efforts so far had proven fruitless, but after lending a hand to a troubled gipsy girl, Edward is thrown in a series of events that can wreak havoc in both worlds. Meanwhile, at his own world, Alphonse Elric ventures deeper into the mysteries of alchemy in search for a way to reunite with his older brother.
Title: The Visit | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: A brother and sister are sent to their grandparents' remote Pennsylvania farm for a week, where they discover that the elderly couple is involved in something deeply disturbing.
Title: Barbie in Rock 'N Royals | Genres: animation, music, family | Overview: When royal Princess Courtney trades places with famous rock star Erika, two worlds collide while both learn to appreciate new friends and experiences.
Title: The Circle | Genres: drama, thriller, science fiction | Overview: A young tech worker takes a job at a powerful Internet corporation, quickly rises up the company's ranks, and soon finds herself in a perilous situation concerning privacy, surveillance and freedom. She comes to learn that her decisions and actions will determine the future of humanity.
Title: The Negotiator | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: The police try to arrest expert hostage negotiator Danny Roman, who insists he's being framed for his partner's murder in what he believes is an elaborate conspiracy. Thinking there's evidence in the Internal Affairs offices that might clear him, he takes everyone in the office hostage and demands that another well-known negotiator be brought in to handle the situation and secretly investigate the conspiracy.
Title: The Package | Genres: comedy | Overview: When a group of teenagers goes on a spring break camping trip, an unfortunate accident sets off a race to save their friend’s most prized possession.
Title: The Naked Gun 2½: The Smell of Fear | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Bumbling lieutenant Frank Drebin is out to foil the big boys in the energy industry, who intend to suppress technology that will put them out of business.
"Title: Death Note Relight 1: Visions of a God | Genres: tv movie, crime, drama, fantasy, thriller, animation | Overview: Yagami Light is an ace student with great prospects, who's bored out of his mind. One day he finds the ""Death Note"": a notebook from the realm of the Death Gods, with the power to kill people in any way he desires. With the Death Note in hand, Light decides to create his perfect world, without crime or criminals. However, when criminals start dropping dead one by one, the authorites send the legendary detective L to track down the killer, and a battle of wits, deception and logic ensues...this was aired on Japanese tv shortly after the death note anime was completed, this special basically re-cuts the first 26 episodes of the series into a two hour movie with some new scenes and dialogue added and the story is seen from ryuk's viewpoint."
Title: Petite maman | Genres: drama, fantasy | Overview: Eight-year-old Nelly has just lost her beloved grandmother and is helping her parents clean out her mother's childhood home. She explores the house and the surrounding woods where her mother used to play and where she built the fort Nelly has heard so much about. One day her mother suddenly leaves, and Nelly meets a girl of her own age in the woods, building a fort.
Title: Barbie in 'A Christmas Carol' | Genres: animation, family | Overview: On Christmas Eve, Kelly is reluctant to go to a Christmas Eve ball, so Barbie tells her the story of Eden Starling, a glamourous singing diva in the Victorian England and the owner of a theatre house. However, Eden is self-centred and loves only herself. She is frequently accompanied by her snooty cat, Chuzzlewit. She does not believe in Christmas and orders all her employees to work on Christmas.
"Title: South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut | Genres: animation, comedy | Overview: When the four boys see an R-rated movie featuring Canadians Terrance and Philip, they are pronounced ""corrupted"", and their parents pressure the United States to wage war against Canada."
Title: Polaroid | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: High school loner Bird Fitcher has no idea what dark secrets are tied to the mysterious Polaroid vintage camera she stumbles upon, but it doesn't take long to discover that those who have their picture taken meet a tragic end. Bird and her friends must survive one more night as they race to solve the mystery of the haunted Polaroid before it kills them all.
Title: Get the Goat | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: Bruceuilis, a policeman from the countryside, is assigned to rescue Celestina, a goat considered heritage of his small city, and travels to São Paulo. There, he meets police clerk Trindade, who decides to venture out into the field, even though it is not his specialty.
"Title: Punisher: War Zone | Genres: action, crime | Overview: Waging his one-man war on the world of organized crime, ruthless vigilante-hero Frank Castle sets his sights on overeager mob boss Billy Russoti. After Russoti is left horribly disfigured by Castle, he sets out for vengeance under his new alias: Jigsaw. With the ""Punisher Task Force"" hot on his trail and the FBI unable to take Jigsaw in, Frank must stand up to the formidable army that Jigsaw has recruited before more of his evil deeds go unpunished."
Title: Donnie Darko | Genres: fantasy, drama, mystery | Overview: After narrowly escaping a bizarre accident, a troubled teenager is plagued by visions of a large bunny rabbit that manipulates him to commit a series of crimes.
Title: Batman: Gotham Knight | Genres: science fiction, animation, action, adventure | Overview: A collection of key events mark Bruce Wayne's life as he journeys from beginner to Dark Knight.
Title: A View to a Kill | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: A newly-developed microchip designed by Zorin Industries for the British Government that can survive the electromagnetic radiation caused by a nuclear explosion has landed in the hands of the KGB. James Bond must find out how and why. His suspicions soon lead him to big industry leader Max Zorin.
Title: Lamp Life | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Bo Peep explains what happened to herself and her sheep between the events of Toy Story 2 and Toy Story 4.
Title: The Father | Genres: drama | Overview: A man refuses all assistance from his daughter as he ages and, as he tries to make sense of his changing circumstances, he begins to doubt his loved ones, his own mind and even the fabric of his reality.
Title: Pan | Genres: fantasy, adventure, family | Overview: Living a bleak existence at a London orphanage, 12-year-old Peter finds himself whisked away to the fantastical world of Neverland. Adventure awaits as he meets new friend James Hook and the warrior Tiger Lily. They must band together to save Neverland from the ruthless pirate Blackbeard. Along the way, the rebellious and mischievous boy discovers his true destiny, becoming the hero forever known as Peter Pan.
Title: Area 51 | Genres: horror, thriller, science fiction, mystery | Overview: Three young conspiracy theorists attempt to uncover the mysteries of Area 51, the government's secret location rumored to have hosted encounters with alien beings. What they find at this hidden facility exposes unimaginable secrets.
Title: Another Round | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Four high school teachers launch a drinking experiment: upholding a constant low level of intoxication.
Title: Event Horizon | Genres: horror, science fiction, mystery | Overview: In 2047, a group of astronauts are sent to investigate and salvage the starship 'Event Horizon' which disappeared mysteriously 7 years before on its maiden voyage. With its return, the crew of the 'Lewis and Clark' discovers the real truth behind the disappearance of the 'Event Horizon' – and something even more terrifying.
Title: War | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: FBI agent Jack Crawford is out for revenge when his partner is killed and all clues point to the mysterious assassin Rogue. But when Rogue turns up years later to take care of some unfinished business, he triggers a violent clash of rival gangs. Will the truth come out before it's too late? And when the dust settles, who will remain standing?
Title: A Woman With No Filter | Genres: comedy | Overview: Paz, a kind woman, has allowed everyone around her to treat her as if she were worth nothing, keeping silent so as not to hurt feelings. Until one day, in her head, a phenomenon forces her to express what she feels.
Title: That Awkward Moment | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Best pals Jason and Daniel indulge in casual flings and revel in their carefree, unattached lives. After learning that the marriage of their friend Mikey is over, they gladly welcome him back into their circle. The three young men make a pact to have fun and avoid commitment. However, when all three find themselves involved in serious relationships, they must keep their romances secret from one another.
Title: Scooby-Doo! and the Witch's Ghost | Genres: animation, comedy, mystery, family, fantasy | Overview: Scooby-Doo and the Mystery Gang visit Oakhaven, Massachusetts to seek strange goings on involving a famous horror novelist and his ancestor who is rumored be a witch.
Title: Legally Blonde 2: Red, White & Blonde | Genres: comedy | Overview: Now a rising young lawyer, Elle Woods is about to make partner at her firm, but when she finds out her dog's relatives are being used as cosmetic test subjects, she heads to Washington D.C. to fight for animal rights.
Title: Apollo 13 | Genres: drama, history, adventure | Overview: The true story of technical troubles that scuttle the Apollo 13 lunar mission in 1970, risking the lives of astronaut Jim Lovell and his crew, with the failed journey turning into a thrilling saga of heroism. Drifting more than 200,000 miles from Earth, the astronauts work furiously with the ground crew to avert tragedy.
Title: American Beauty | Genres: drama | Overview: Lester Burnham, a depressed suburban father in a mid-life crisis, decides to turn his hectic life around after developing an infatuation with his daughter's attractive friend.
Title: Triple Frontier | Genres: action, thriller, crime, adventure | Overview: Struggling to make ends meet, former special ops soldiers reunite for a high-stakes heist: stealing $75 million from a South American drug lord.
Title: Detective Conan: Sunflowers of Inferno | Genres: crime, animation, adventure, mystery | Overview: Conan tries to track down Kaito Kid, who supposedly steals a replica of one of Van Gogh's Sunflowers paintings during an auction.
Title: Hacker | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Alex, an immigrant from Ukraine comes to Canada and becomes involved with an online criminal organization called Darkweb. What starts off as a way to help his parents financially, soon becomes a personal vendetta against the entire banking system, when his mother is fired from her job at the bank
Title: Rio Bravo | Genres: western | Overview: The sheriff of a small town in southwest Texas must keep custody of a murderer whose brother, a powerful rancher, is trying to help him escape. After a friend is killed trying to muster support for him, he and his deputies - a disgraced drunk and a cantankerous old cripple - must find a way to hold out against the rancher's hired guns until the marshal arrives. In the meantime, matters are complicated by the presence of a young gunslinger - and a mysterious beauty who just came in on the last stagecoach.
Title: Air Force One | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Russian terrorists conspire to hijack the aircraft with the president and his family on board. The commander in chief finds himself facing an impossible predicament: give in to the terrorists and sacrifice his family, or risk everything to uphold his principles - and the integrity of the nation.
Title: Scooby-Doo! and Kiss: Rock and Roll Mystery | Genres: family, animation, comedy | Overview: Get ready to Rock! Scooby-Doo and the Mystery Inc. Gang team up with the one and only KISS in this all-new, out-of-this-world adventure! We join the Gang at Kiss World – the all-things-Kiss theme park, as they investigate a series of strange hauntings. With help from Kiss, they discover that the Crimson Witch has returned to summon The Destroyer from the alternate dimension of Kissteria! The evil duos ghastly plan, to destroy the earth! Can the Gang's cunning and Kiss's power of rock save the day?!
Title: A Bronx Tale | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Set in the Bronx during the tumultuous 1960s, an adolescent boy is torn between his honest, working-class father and a violent yet charismatic crime boss. Complicating matters is the youngster's growing attraction - forbidden in his neighborhood - for a beautiful black girl.
Title: Blood Moon | Genres: fantasy, horror | Overview: When Esme and her ten-year-old son, Luna move to a small desert town looking for a fresh start, they attract all the wrong kinds of attention. Esme must battle to protect her son and a terrifying secret before the next full moon reveals all.
Title: The Mule | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Earl Stone, a man in his eighties, is broke, alone, and facing foreclosure of his business when he is offered a job that simply requires him to drive. Easy enough, but, unbeknownst to Earl, he's just signed on as a drug courier for a Mexican cartel. He does so well that his cargo increases exponentially, and Earl hit the radar of hard-charging DEA agent Colin Bates.
"Title: The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy | Genres: adventure, comedy, family, science fiction | Overview: Mere seconds before the Earth is to be demolished by an alien construction crew, Arthur Dent is swept off the planet by his friend Ford Prefect, a researcher penning a new edition of ""The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy."""
Title: Only Lovers Left Alive | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A depressed musician reunites with his lover in the desolate streets of Detroit. Though their romance has endured several centuries, it is tested by the arrival of her capricious and unpredictable younger sister.
Title: The Wrong Missy | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A guy meets the woman of his dreams and invites her to his company's corporate retreat, but realizes he sent the invite to the wrong person.
Title: Peligro en tu mirada | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A female photographer is coerced into spying on the affaire of a political candidate, becoming the sole witness of a crime of which he is falsely accused
Title: No Tears for the Dead | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A hitman accidentally kills a little girl. Filled with regret, he wants to quit. But then to tie up loose ends, he is forced to go on another job, to kill the girl's mother.
Title: Life After Beth | Genres: romance, comedy, horror | Overview: Zach is devastated by the unexpected death of his girlfriend, Beth. When she mysteriously returns, he gets a second chance at love. Soon his whole world turns upside down...
Title: Candyman | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: The Candyman, a murderous soul with a hook for a hand, is accidentally summoned to reality by a skeptic grad student researching the monster's myth.
Title: Sexo Animal | Genres: drama | Overview: Jonas, an unusual man hired by a large real estate firm to be the caretaker of a luxury residence on the outskirts of the big city. In this same residence, used by the real estate owner to promote parties, where he defends immorality in its highest degree of depravity, Jonas meets Tania, a luxury prostitute.
Title: King Kong | Genres: adventure | Overview: In this remake of the 1933 classic, an oil company expedition disturbs the peace of a giant ape and brings him back to New York to exploit him.
Title: Barbie Video Game Hero | Genres: animation, family, science fiction | Overview: Get ready to power up! When Barbie magically gets pulled into her favorite video game, she is excited to see she's transformed into a fun roller-skating character. In the game, she meets Cutie, the lovable cloud-shaped friend, and Bella, the roller-skating princess. Together, they soon discover a mischievous emoji is trying to take control of the game. As they travel from level to level, Barbie must rely on her amazing gaming skills and out-of-the box thinking to save her team and beat the game!
Title: The Rite | Genres: drama, thriller, horror | Overview: Seminary student Michael Kovak reluctantly attends exorcism school at the Vatican. While he’s in Rome, Michael meets an unorthodox priest who introduces him to the darker side of his faith, uncovering the devil’s reach even to one of the holiest places on Earth.
Title: Fist Fight | Genres: comedy | Overview: When one school teacher gets the other fired, he is challenged to an after-school fight.
Title: Gangs of New York | Genres: drama, history, crime | Overview: It's 1863. Amsterdam Vallon returns to the Five Points of America to seek vengeance against the psychotic gangland kingpin, Bill the Butcher, who murdered his father years earlier. With an eager pickpocket by his side and a whole new army, Vallon fights his way to seek vengeance on the Butcher and restore peace in the area.
Title: Some Like It Hot | Genres: comedy, music, romance, crime | Overview: Two musicians witness a mob hit and struggle to find a way out of the city before they are found by the gangsters. Their only opportunity is to join an all-girl band as they leave on a tour. To make their getaway they must first disguise themselves as women, then keep their identities secret and deal with the problems this brings - such as an attractive bandmate and a very determined suitor.
Title: Frequency | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: When a rare phenomenon gives police officer John Sullivan the chance to speak to his father, 30 years in the past, he takes the opportunity to prevent his dad's tragic death. After his actions inadvertently give rise to a series of brutal murders he and his father must find a way to fix the consequences of altering time.
Title: Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo | Genres: comedy | Overview: Deuce Bigalow goes to Amsterdam after a little accident including two irritating kids and a bunch of aggressive dolphins. There he meets up with his old friend T.J. Hicks. But a mysterious killer starts killing some of Amsterdam's finest gigolos and T.J. is mistaken for the extremely gay murderer. Deuce must enter the gigolo industry again to find the real murderer and clear T.J.'s name.
Title: Wild Hogs | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: Restless and ready for an adventure, four suburban bikers leave the safety of their subdivision and head out on the open road. But complications ensue when they cross paths with an intimidating band of New Mexico bikers known as the Del Fuegos.
Title: One Piece: Clockwork Island Adventure | Genres: action, animation, adventure | Overview: Relaxing on a cozy beach, the Straw Hat Pirates are taking a rest from their quest. Right until Luffy noticed the Going Merry has been hijacked and sailed off from the beach. This leads them to search the ship and find the thief who took it from them. They ran into a duo named the Theif Brothers, who informed them that their ship was stolen by a group of pirates called the Trump Kyoudai. When they encountered the Trump Pirates, Nami ended up getting kidnapped as well as Luffy's hat. They tracked down the pirates to their base on Clockwork Island. Now Luffy, Zoro, Sanji, Usopp, and the Theif Brothers must reclaim the Going Merry, Save Nami, and get back Shank's straw hat.
Title: The Count of Monte Cristo | Genres: adventure | Overview: Edmond Dantés's life and plans to marry the beautiful Mercedes are shattered when his best friend, Fernand, deceives him. After spending 13 miserable years in prison, Dantés escapes with the help of a fellow inmate and plots his revenge, cleverly insinuating himself into the French nobility.
Title: Basic Instinct 2 | Genres: crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: Novelist Catherine Tramell is once again in trouble with the law, and Scotland Yard appoints psychiatrist Dr. Michael Glass to evaluate her. Though, like Detective Nick Curran before him, Glass is entranced by Tramell and lured into a seductive game.
Title: What's Eating Gilbert Grape | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Gilbert Grape is a small-town young man with a lot of responsibility. Chief among his concerns are his mother, who is so overweight that she can't leave the house, and his mentally impaired younger brother, Arnie, who has a knack for finding trouble. Settled into a job at a grocery store and an ongoing affair with local woman Betty Carver, Gilbert finally has his life shaken up by the free-spirited Becky.
Title: Carrie | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Carrie White, a shy and troubled teenage girl who is tormented by her high school peers and her fanatically religious mother, begins to use her powers of telekinesis to exact revenge upon them.
Title: Do You Do You Saint-Tropez | Genres: comedy | Overview: Every summer, the Billionaire Tranchant and his wife Eliane host the glamorous world of celebrities in their luxurious mansion in the south of France. When a criminal car sabotage related to threatening letters wreak havoc in the villa, Tranchant goes in search of the best agent for the investigation. In the middle of this hot summer, only the arrogant and incompetent agent Boullin is available... To catch the suspect and solve the mystery, he will have no choice but to impersonate a newly hired butler and will turn everyone’s vacation into a hilarious game of ‘Cluedo’!
Title: Macross Delta the Movie: Passionate Walküre | Genres: animation | Overview: Macross Delta is set in the year 2067, eight years after the events of Macross Frontier. The story focuses on Walküre, a team of talented idols and the Delta Squadron, a team of experienced Valkyrie pilots as they battle against the Var Syndrome, a mysterious phenomena that is consuming the galaxy, alongside the mysterious Aerial Knights Valkyrie fighter team of the Kingdom of Wind. This film recompiles scenes from the television anime with new scenes to tell a different story.
Title: Unfriended | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: While video chatting one night, six high school friends receive a Skype message from a classmate who killed herself exactly one year ago. At first they think it's a prank, but when the girl starts revealing the friends' darkest secrets, they realize they are dealing with something out of this world, something that wants them dead.
Title: The Haunting in Connecticut 2: Ghosts of Georgia | Genres: horror, drama, thriller | Overview: A young family moves into a historic home in Georgia, only to learn they are not the house's only inhabitants. Soon they find themselves in the presence of a secret rising from underground and threatening to bring down anyone in its path.
Title: T-34 | Genres: war, action, drama, history | Overview: In 1944, a courageous group of Russian soldiers managed to escape from German captivity in a half-destroyed legendary T-34 tank. Those were the times of unforgettable bravery, fierce fighting, unbreakable love, and legendary miracles.
Title: Atonement | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: As a 13-year-old, fledgling writer Briony Tallis irrevocably changes the course of several lives when she accuses her older sister's lover of a crime he did not commit.
Title: On Her Majesty's Secret Service | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: James Bond tracks his archnemesis, Ernst Blofeld, to a mountaintop retreat where he is training an army of beautiful, lethal women. Along the way, Bond falls for Italian contessa Tracy Draco, and marries her in order to get closer to Blofeld.
Title: Reign of the Supermen | Genres: science fiction, animation, action | Overview: In the wake of The Death of Supermen, the world is still mourning the loss of the Man of Steel following his fatal battle with the monster Doomsday. However, no sooner as his body been laid to rest than do four new bearers of the Superman shield come forward to take on the mantle. The Last Son of Krypton, Superboy, Steel, and the Cyborg Superman all attempt to fill the vacuum left by the world's greatest champion. Meanwhile, Superman's death has also signaled to the universe that Earth is vulnerable. Can these new Supermen and the rest of the heroes prove them wrong?
Title: Klaus | Genres: animation, family, adventure, comedy | Overview: When Jesper distinguishes himself as the Postal Academy's worst student, he is sent to Smeerensburg, a small village located on an icy island above the Arctic Circle, where grumpy inhabitants barely exchange words, let alone letters. Jesper is about to give up and abandon his duty as a postman when he meets local teacher Alva and Klaus, a mysterious carpenter who lives alone in a cabin full of handmade toys.
Title: Aftermath | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A fatal plane crash changes the lives of Roman and Jake forever. Roman loses his wife and daughter in the accident, while Jake loses his mind—as he happens to be the air traffic controller who failed to avert the nightmare. Rage and revenge engulfs Roman and Jake finds himself swamped with guilt and regret.
Title: Another Cinderella Story | Genres: music, comedy | Overview: A guy who danced with what could be the girl of his dreams at a costume ball only has one hint at her identity: the Zune she left behind as she rushed home in order to make her curfew. And with a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity in front of him, he sets out to find his masked beauty.
Title: Das Boot | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: A German submarine hunts allied ships during the Second World War, but it soon becomes the hunted. The crew tries to survive below the surface, while stretching both the boat and themselves to their limits.
Title: The Lobster | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: In a dystopian near future, single people, according to the laws of The City, are taken to The Hotel, where they are obliged to find a romantic partner in forty-five days or are transformed into animals and sent off into The Woods.
Title: P.S. I Love You | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A young widow discovers that her late husband has left her 10 messages intended to help ease her pain and start a new life.
Title: Pooh's Heffalump Movie | Genres: family, animation, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Who or what exactly is a Heffalump? The lovable residents of the Hundred Acre Wood -- Winnie the Pooh, Rabbit, Tigger, Eeyore, Kanga and the rest of the pack -- embark on a journey of discovery in search of the elusive Heffalump. But as is always the case, this unusual road trip opens their eyes to so much more than just the creature they're seeking.
Title: Phantom | Genres: thriller | Overview: The haunted Captain of a Soviet submarine holds the fate of the world in his hands. Forced to leave his family behind, he is charged with leading a covert mission cloaked in mystery.
Title: All Eyez on Me | Genres: music, drama | Overview: All Eyez on Me chronicles the life and legacy of Tupac Shakur, including his rise to superstardom as a hip-hop artist, actor, poet and activist, as well as his imprisonment and prolific, controversial time at Death Row Records. Against insurmountable odds, Tupac rose to become a cultural icon whose career and persona both continue to grow long after his passing.
Title: The Cobbler | Genres: fantasy, comedy, drama | Overview: Max Simkin repairs shoes in the same New York shop that has been in his family for generations. Disenchanted with the grind of daily life, Max stumbles upon a magical heirloom that allows him to step into the lives of his customers and see the world in a new way. Sometimes walking in another man's shoes is the only way one can discover who they really are.
Title: Camp Confidential: America's Secret Nazis | Genres: documentary, animation, history | Overview: Camp Confidential: America's Secret Nazis, is a documentary short featuring animation that focuses on the story of a top secret POW camp that was classified for over 5 decades. In the midst of WWII, a group of young Jewish refugees are assigned to guard a top secret POW camp near Washington D.C. The Jewish soldiers soon discover that their prisoners are no other than Hitler's top scientists - What starts out as an intelligence mission to gather information from the Nazis, soon gets a shocking twist when the Jewish soldiers are tasked with a very different mission altogether. A mission that would question their moral values - exposing a dark secret from America's past.
Title: Silence | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Two Jesuit priests travel to seventeenth century Japan which has, under the Tokugawa shogunate, banned Catholicism and almost all foreign contact.
Title: The Only Living Boy in New York | Genres: drama | Overview: When a young man learns that his overbearing father is having an affair, he tries to stop it, only to be seduced by the older woman as well.
Title: Battle for Sevastopol | Genres: drama, war, romance | Overview: The story of Lyudmila Pavlichenko, the most successful female sniper in history.
Title: Playing with Fire | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: A crew of rugged firefighters meet their match when attempting to rescue three rambunctious kids.
Title: Blue Story | Genres: crime, drama, romance | Overview: Blue Story is a tragic tale of a friendship between Timmy and Marco, two young boys from opposing postcodes. Timmy, a shy, smart, naive and timid young boy from Deptford, goes to school in Peckham where he strikes up a friendship with Marco, a charismatic, streetwise kid from the local area. Although from warring postcodes, the two quickly form a firm friendship until it is tested and they wind up on rival sides of a street war. Blue Story depicts elements of Rapman's own personal experiences and aspects of his childhood.
Title: The Marine | Genres: action | Overview: A group of diamond thieves on the run kidnap the wife of a recently discharged marine who goes on a chase through the South Carolinian wilderness to retrieve her.
Title: Pound of Flesh | Genres: action | Overview: In China to donate his kidney to his dying niece, former black-ops agent Deacon awakes the day before the operation to find he is the latest victim of organ theft. Stitched up and pissed-off, Deacon descends from his opulent hotel in search of his stolen kidney and carves a blood-soaked path through the darkest corners of the city. The clock is ticking for his niece and with each step he loses blood.
Title: Transformers: Dark of the Moon | Genres: action, science fiction, adventure | Overview: The Autobots continue to work for NEST, now no longer in secret. But after discovering a strange artifact during a mission in Chernobyl, it becomes apparent to Optimus Prime that the United States government has been less than forthright with them.
Title: A Moment to Remember | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A young couple's love is tested when Sun-jin is diagnosed with a rare form of Alzheimer's disease.
Title: Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid | Genres: western, drama, crime | Overview: In late 1890s Wyoming, Butch Cassidy is the affable, clever and talkative leader of the outlaw Hole in the Wall Gang. His closest companion is the laconic dead-shot 'Sundance Kid'. As the west rapidly becomes civilized, the law finally catches up to Butch, Sundance and their gang. Chased doggedly by a special posse, the two decide to make their way to South America in hopes of evading their pursuers once and for all.
Title: Midnight in the Switchgrass | Genres: crime, mystery, thriller, action | Overview: FBI Agent Karl Helter and his partner Rebecca Lombardo are very close to busting a sex-trafficking ring. When they realize their investigation has crossed the path of a brutal serial killer, they team up with a Texas Ranger to put an end to the infamous 'Truck Stop Killer'.
Title: Species III | Genres: science fiction, action, horror | Overview: After she delivers her child in an ambulance, alien Eve is killed by a half-breed. Fortunately, Dr. Abbot scoops up the baby alien and escapes. In time, the baby grows into a gorgeous blonde named Sara and begins her quest to find a worthy mate. But Sara is also savage and leaves a trail of deaths in her wake. This carnage makes chemistry student Dean question whether to help her race or not.
Title: Zombie Apocalypse | Genres: action, horror, science fiction | Overview: Months after a zombie plague has wiped out 90 percent of the American population, a small group of survivors fight their way cross-country to a rumored refuge on the island of Catalina.
Title: LEGO DC: Shazam! Magic and Monsters | Genres: family, adventure, animation, comedy | Overview: It’s high time the Justice League took notice of Shazam, but joining the world’s greatest team of superheroes is a lot harder when they’ve all been turned into kids.
Title: Lake Placid: Legacy | Genres: horror, action, science fiction, tv movie | Overview: A group of young explorers discover a secret area hidden from all maps and GPS devices. When they reach the center of the lake, they discover an abandoned facility that houses one of the largest, and deadliest apex-predators known to man.
Title: Wanted | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: Doormat Wesley Gibson discovers that his recently murdered father - who Wesley never knew - belonged to a secret guild of assassins. After a leather-clad sexpot drafts Wesley into the society, he hones his innate killing skills and turns avenger.
Title: Eiffel | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The government is asking Eiffel to design something spectacular for the 1889 Paris World Fair, but Eiffel simply wants to design the subway. Suddenly, everything changes when Eiffel crosses paths with a mysterious woman from his past.
Title: The Aviator | Genres: drama | Overview: A biopic depicting the life of filmmaker and aviation pioneer Howard Hughes from 1927 to 1947, during which time he became a successful film producer and an aviation magnate, while simultaneously growing more unstable due to severe obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Title: The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo | Genres: drama, thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: Swedish thriller based on Stieg Larsson's novel about a male journalist and a young female hacker. In the opening of the movie, Mikael Blomkvist, a middle-aged publisher for the magazine Millennium, loses a libel case brought by corrupt Swedish industrialist Hans-Erik Wennerström. Nevertheless, he is hired by Henrik Vanger in order to solve a cold case, the disappearance of Vanger's niece
Title: The King of Staten Island | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Scott has been a case of arrested development ever since his firefighter father died when he was seven. He's now reached his mid-20s having achieved little, chasing a dream of becoming a tattoo artist that seems far out of reach. As his ambitious younger sister heads off to college, Scott is still living with his exhausted ER nurse mother and spends his days smoking weed, hanging with the guys — Oscar, Igor and Richie — and secretly hooking up with his childhood friend Kelsey. But when his mother starts dating a loudmouth firefighter named Ray, it sets off a chain of events that will force Scott to grapple with his grief and take his first tentative steps toward moving forward in life.
Title: Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me | Genres: adventure, comedy, crime, science fiction | Overview: When diabolical genius Dr. Evil travels back in time to steal superspy Austin Powers's ‘mojo,’ Austin must return to the swingin' '60s himself - with the help of American agent, Felicity Shagwell - to stop the dastardly plan. Once there, Austin faces off against Dr. Evil's army of minions to try to save the world in his own unbelievably groovy way.
Title: Nocturne | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller, music | Overview: Inside the halls of an elite arts academy, a timid music student begins to outshine her more accomplished and outgoing twin sister when she discovers a mysterious notebook belonging to a recently deceased classmate.
Title: Superman: Red Son | Genres: science fiction, animation, action | Overview: Set in the thick of the Cold War, Red Son introduces us to a Superman who landed in the USSR during the 1950s and grows up to become a Soviet symbol that fights for the preservation of Stalin’s brand of communism.
Title: Ninja | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A westerner named Casey, studying Ninjutsu in Japan, is asked by the Sensei to return to New York to protect the legendary Yoroi Bitsu, an armored chest that contains the weapons of the last Koga Ninja.
Title: Two Mothers | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Two best friends. And their lust for each one's opponent mothers. Junhyeong and Daejin are best friends. One day Daejin’s mom visits Junhyeong who is heartbroken when he was disappointed in love. She suggests that she will teach him sex and make him a real man. Unlike Junhyeong, Daejin is popular guy to women. But he long since has fallen in love with Junhyeong’s mom. When Daejin hears Junhyeong’s parents seems to divorce, he decides to start expressing his affection to her.
Title: Run | Genres: thriller, horror, drama | Overview: Chloe, a teenager who is confined to a wheelchair, is homeschooled by her mother, Diane. Chloe soon becomes suspicious of her mother and begins to suspect that she may be harboring a dark secret.
Title: Le Gendarme de Saint-Tropez | Genres: comedy | Overview: The ambitious police officer Cruchot is transferred to St. Tropez. He's struggling with crimes such as persistent nude swimming, but even more with his teenage daughter, who's trying to impress her rich friends by telling them her father was a millionaire and owned a yacht in the harbor.
Title: I Still Know What You Did Last Summer | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: Ever since killing the Fisherman one year ago, Julie James is still haunted by images of him after her. When her best friend Karla wins free tickets to the Bahamas, Julie finds this a perfect opportunity to finally relax. But someone is waiting for her. Someone who she thought was dead. Someone who is out again for revenge.
Title: Bleach the Movie: Fade to Black | Genres: action, animation, fantasy, drama | Overview: A mysterious reiatsu (spiritual particle) explosion occurs in the center of Seireitei in Soul Society, causing it to be destroyed. At the exact same time, a major change overwhelms Kuchiki Rukia, which leaves her losing something important inside. Urahara Kisuke sends Kurosaki Ichigo to Soul Society to investigate the disturbance. Upon reaching Seireitei, Ichigo is attacked by his ally shinigamis.
Title: Stardust | Genres: adventure, fantasy, romance, family | Overview: In a countryside town bordering on a magical land, a young man makes a promise to his beloved that he'll retrieve a fallen star by venturing into the magical realm. His journey takes him into a world beyond his wildest dreams and reveals his true identity.
Title: The Midnight Sky | Genres: science fiction, drama | Overview: A lone scientist in the Arctic races to contact a crew of astronauts returning home to a mysterious global catastrophe.
Title: The Big Lebowski | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Jeffrey 'The Dude' Lebowski, a Los Angeles slacker who only wants to bowl and drink White Russians, is mistaken for another Jeffrey Lebowski, a wheelchair-bound millionaire, and finds himself dragged into a strange series of events involving nihilists, adult film producers, ferrets, errant toes, and large sums of money.
Title: The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Whether we’re young or forever young at heart, the Hundred Acre Wood calls to that place in each of us that still believes in magic. Join pals Pooh, Piglet, Kanga, Roo, Owl, Rabbit, Tigger and Christopher Robin as they enjoy their days together and sing their way through adventures.
Title: Cat's Eye | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Three short stories by shock-meister Stephen King are linked by a stray cat that roams from one tale to the next in this creepy triptych that begins as Dick (James Woods) tries to quit smoking by any means necessary. Next, we meet Johnny, an adulterous man who's forced by his lover's husband onto a building's hazardous ledge. Finally, Amanda is threatened by an evil gnome who throws suspicion on the family cat.
Title: Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls | Genres: crime, comedy, adventure | Overview: Summoned from an ashram in Tibet, Ace finds himself on a perilous journey into the jungles of Africa to find Shikaka, the missing sacred animal of the friendly Wachati tribe. He must accomplish this before the wedding of the Wachati's Princess to the prince of the warrior Wachootoos. If Ace fails, the result will be a vicious tribal war.
Title: The Wandering Earth | Genres: science fiction, action, drama | Overview: When the Sun begins to expand in such a way that it will inevitably engulf and destroy the Earth in a hundred years, united mankind finds a way to avoid extinction by propelling the planet out of the Solar System using gigantic engines, moving it to a new home located four light years away, an epic journey that will last thousands of years.
Title: MouseHunt | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Down-on-their luck brothers, Lars and Ernie Smuntz, aren't happy with the crumbling old mansion they inherit... until they discover the estate is worth millions. Before they can cash in, they have to rid the house of its single, stubborn occupant—a tiny and tenacious mouse.
Title: TEKKEN: Blood Vengeance | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: Set in the rich Tekken universe, Tekken: Blood Vengeance 3D follows Xiaoyu Ling, seasoned martial artist and high school student, tasked by the G Corporation to infiltrate an international school in Kyoto to gather information on the mysterious student Shin Kamiya. Before she can make any progress in the investigation, Shin is kidnapped by an unknown assailant. Digging deeper into Shin’s background in an attempt to rescue him, Xiaoyu learns about the frightening underbelly of the Mishima Zaibatsu. Jin Kazama, Kazuya Mishima… and the late Heihachi Mishima’s conspiracy that’s stained with blood.
Title: Black Box | Genres: mystery, thriller, drama | Overview: Matthieu is a young and talented black box analyst on a mission to solve the reason behind the deadly crash of a brand new aircraft. Yet, when the case is closed by authorities, Matthieu cannot help but sense there is something wrong with the evidence. As he listens to the tracks again, he starts detecting some seriously disturbing details. Could the tape have been modified? Going against his boss' orders, Matthieu begins his own rogue investigation - an obsessional and dangerous quest for truth that will quickly threatan far more than his career...
Title: The Invisible Guardian | Genres: thriller | Overview: When the naked body of a teenage girl is found on the banks of the River Baztán, it is quickly linked to a similar murder one month before. Soon, rumours are flying in the nearby village of Elizondo. Is this the work of a ritualistic killer or is it the basajaun, the ‘invisible guardian’ of Basque mythology? Inspector Amaia Salazar leads the investigation, taking her back to the heart of the Basque country where she was born, and where she hoped never to return. Shrouded in mist and surrounded by impenetrable forests, it is a place of unresolved conflicts and a terrible secret from Amaia’s childhood that will come back to haunt her. Faced with the superstitions of the village, Amaia must fight the demons of her past to confront the reality of a serial killer on the loose. But as she is drawn deeper into the investigation, she feels the presence of something darker lurking in the shadows…
Title: Murder Party | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Jeanne, a brilliant architect has a new assignment: renovate the sumptuous Daguerre mansion owned by an eccentric family, head of a Board Game empire. When the landlord and patriarch Cesar is found dead, everyone present becomes a suspect. Suddenly Jeanne’s mission turns intoa life-size investigation to expose the murderer...
Title: Free Willy 3: The Rescue | Genres: family, adventure | Overview: Willy the whale is back, this time threatened by illegal whalers making money off sushi. Jesse, now 16, has taken a job on an orca-researching ship, along with old friend Randolph and a sarcastic scientist, Drew. On the whaler's ship is captain John Wesley and his son, Max, who isn't really pleased about his father's job, but doesn't have the gut to say so. Along the way, Willy reunites with Jesse
Title: The Bodyguard | Genres: thriller, action, drama, music, romance | Overview: A former Secret Service agent grudgingly takes an assignment to protect a pop idol who's threatened by a crazed fan. At first, the safety-obsessed bodyguard and the self-indulgent diva totally clash. But before long, all that tension sparks fireworks of another sort, and the love-averse tough guy is torn between duty and romance.
Title: Barbarella | Genres: science fiction, adventure | Overview: In the far future, a highly sexual woman is tasked with finding and stopping the evil Durand-Durand. Along the way she encounters various unusual people.
Title: Steins;Gate: The Movie − Load Region of Déjà Vu | Genres: science fiction, animation, drama | Overview: One year after the events of the anime, Rintarou begins to feel the repercussions of extensive time travel, and eventually completely fades from reality. Kurisu, being the only companion to remember him, now must find a way to bring him back.
Title: Seven Samurai | Genres: action, drama | Overview: A samurai answers a village's request for protection after he falls on hard times. The town needs protection from bandits, so the samurai gathers six others to help him teach the people how to defend themselves, and the villagers provide the soldiers with food.
Title: Fist of Legend | Genres: action | Overview: Chen Zhen, a Chinese engineering student in Kyoto, who braves the insults and abuse of his Japanse fellow students for his local love Mitsuko Yamada, daughter of the director, returns in 1937 to his native Shangai, under Japanse protectorate -in fact military occupation- after reading about the death of his kung-fu master Hou Ting-An in a fight against the Japanese champion Ryuichi Akutagawa.
Title: Allied | Genres: action, drama, war, romance, thriller | Overview: In 1942, an intelligence officer in North Africa encounters a female French Resistance fighter on a deadly mission behind enemy lines. When they reunite in London, their relationship is tested by the pressures of war.
Title: Gremlins 2: The New Batch | Genres: comedy, horror, fantasy | Overview: Young sweethearts Billy and Kate move to the Big Apple, land jobs in a high-tech office park and soon reunite with the friendly and lovable Gizmo. But a series of accidents creates a whole new generation of Gremlins. The situation worsens when the devilish green creatures invade a top-secret laboratory and develop genetically altered powers, making them even harder to destroy!
Title: Kites | Genres: drama, action, romance | Overview: A wounded man searches for his sweetheart in the Mexican desert while on the run from the police, bounty hunters, and others.
Title: Cloud Atlas | Genres: drama, science fiction | Overview: A set of six nested stories spanning time between the 19th century and a distant post-apocalyptic future. Cloud Atlas explores how the actions and consequences of individual lives impact one another throughout the past, the present and the future. Action, mystery and romance weave through the story as one soul is shaped from a killer into a hero and a single act of kindness ripples across centuries to inspire a revolution in the distant future. Based on the award winning novel by David Mitchell. Directed by Tom Tykwer and the Wachowskis.
Title: War Horse | Genres: war, drama, action | Overview: Follows a young man named Albert and his horse, Joey, and how their bond is broken when Joey is sold to the cavalry and sent to the trenches of World War One. Despite being too young to enlist, Albert heads to France to save his friend.
Title: What Happens in Vegas | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: During a wild vacation in Las Vegas, career woman Joy McNally and playboy Jack Fuller come to the sober realization that they have married each other after a night of drunken abandon. They are then compelled, for legal reasons, to live life as a couple for a limited period of time. At stake is a large amount of money.
Title: Hot Shots! Part Deux | Genres: action, comedy, war | Overview: Topper Harley is found to be working as an odd-job-man in a monastery. The CIA want him to lead a rescue mission into Iraq, to rescue the last rescue team, who went in to rescue the last rescue team—who went in to rescue hostages left behind after Desert Storm.
Title: Babylon A.D. | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A veteran-turned-mercenary is hired to take a young woman with a secret from post-apocalyptic Eastern Europe to New York City.
Title: Female Urologists 2 | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Jin Hee is a female urologist who runs a urology department with few patients. One day, a new nurse, Yeon-hee, comes in and works. However, she throws her her whole body in the treatment of patients with an unusual professional spirit. This fact is quickly rumored and patients flock in. Skilled female doctor Jin Hee also starts hot treatment to save the hospital...
Title: Robert Reborn | Genres: horror | Overview: In 1951 USSR, as the Cold War intensifies, infamous dictator Joseph Stalin is suffering with illness and his death is imminent. Meanwhile, KGB agent Stoichkov discovers a mysterious stage show in the Baltic region featuring three creepy dolls - Robert, Kalashnikov and Miss Cyclops. Spellbound by the lifelike animation displayed by the dolls on stage, Stoichkov investigates the show's host and discovers he is a German Toymaker who owns a mystical book which holds the key to eternal life. Believing the Toymaker and his book will help Stalin escape death, Stoichkov kidnaps him and they board a plane to Moscow. But the Toymaker's living creations have followed them. When the plane is in mid air all hell breaks loose as Stoichkov and his team of KGB agents realize the three dolls are on board and will stop at nothing to rescue their puppet master. Fasten your seat belt and prepare for blood soaked toy terror at 30,000 feet.
Title: Happy Death Day | Genres: horror, mystery, comedy | Overview: Caught in a bizarre and terrifying time warp, college student Tree finds herself repeatedly reliving the day of her murder, ultimately realizing that she must identify the killer and the reason for her death before her chances of survival run out.
Title: The Nightingale | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: In 1825, Clare, a 21-year-old Irish convict, chases a British soldier through the rugged Tasmanian wilderness, bent on revenge for a terrible act of violence he committed against her family. She enlists the services of an Aboriginal tracker who is also marked by trauma from his own violence-filled past.
Title: Kickboxer | Genres: action, thriller, drama | Overview: If your enemy refuses to be humbled... Destroy him. Accompanied by his brother Kurt (Van Damme), American kickboxing champion Eric Sloane (Dennis Alexio), arrives in Thailand to defeat the Eastern warriors at their own sport. His opponent: ruthless fighter and Thai champion, Tong Po. Tong not only defeats Eric, he paralyzes him for life. Crazed with anger, Kurt vows revenge.
Title: Malicious | Genres: comedy | Overview: A widower and two of his sons become infatuated by their beautiful housekeeper, and all three set out to seduce her using their own unique methods.
Title: Michael Jackson: The Life of an Icon | Genres: documentary | Overview: See Michael Jackson, one of the most recognizable and popular entertainers of all time, like never before in the feature-length tribute Michael Jackson: The Life of an Icon. Known to millions of fans worldwide for his record-breaking albums, groundbreaking music videos, mesmerizing dance moves and humanitarian efforts, his true story has never really been told...until now. This unprecedented look into the King of Pop's fascinating life includes all-new interviews with his mother Katherine Jackson as well as siblings Tito and Rebbie Jackson, family, friends and music legends such as Smokey Robinson, Dionne Warwick and many more.
Title: Headshot | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A young man washes ashore, his memory gone - but his past comes back to haunt him after he is nursed back to health and his killing ability is needed when he takes on a powerful drug lord.
Title: Attraction | Genres: drama, romance, science fiction, adventure | Overview: After an alien ship crash lands in a Russian city, many who see the inside and the occupants start to question their own existence while others demand the aliens leave Earth.
Title: Police Story | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Officer Chan Ka Kui manages to put a major Hong Kong drug dealer behind the bars practically alone, after a shooting and an impressive chase inside a slum. Now, he must protect the boss' secretary, Selina, who will testify against the gangster in court.
Title: Queenpins | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Bored and frustrated suburban homemaker Connie and her best pal JoJo, a vlogger with dreams, turn a hobby into a multi-million-dollar counterfeit coupon caper. After firing off a letter to the conglomerate behind a box of cereal gone stale, and receiving an apology along with dozens of freebies, the duo hatch an illegal coupon club scheme that scams millions from mega-corporations and delivers deals to legions of fellow coupon clippers. On the trail to total coupon dominance, a hapless Loss Prevention Officer from the local supermarket chain joins forces with a determined U.S. Postal Inspector in hot pursuit of these newly minted “Queenpins” of pink collar crime.
Title: The Saint | Genres: thriller, action, romance, science fiction, adventure | Overview: Simon Templar (The Saint), is a thief for hire, whose latest job to steal the secret process for cold fusion puts him at odds with a traitor bent on toppling the Russian government, as well as the woman who holds its secret.
Title: Jungle Beat: The Movie | Genres: family, animation, science fiction, comedy | Overview: The Jungle Beat animals think it’s the best thing ever when an alien arrives in the jungle bringing with him the power of speech. They also surprisingly think it’s the best thing ever when they find out that he’s been sent to conquer them.
Title: The Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature | Genres: animation, family, adventure, comedy | Overview: When the evil mayor of Oakton decides to bulldoze Liberty Park and build a dangerous amusement park in its place, Surly Squirrel and his ragtag group of animal friends need to band together to save their home, defeat the mayor, and take back the park.
Title: The Illusionist | Genres: fantasy, drama, thriller, romance | Overview: With his eye on a lovely aristocrat, a gifted illusionist named Eisenheim uses his powers to win her away from her betrothed, a crown prince. But Eisenheim's scheme creates tumult within the monarchy and ignites the suspicion of a dogged inspector.
Title: Armour of God | Genres: adventure, action, comedy | Overview: Jackie Chan stars as Asian Hawk, an Indiana Jones-style adventurer looking to make a fortune in exotic antiquities. After Hawk discovers a mysterious sword in Africa, a band of Satan-worshipping monks kidnap his ex-girlfriend Lorelei, demanding the sword as ransom as well as other pieces of the legendary Armour of God - a magical outfit dating back to the Crusades.
Title: Digimon: The Movie | Genres: fantasy, animation, science fiction, family | Overview: The first story focused on Tai and Kari Kamiya four years before their adventure in the Digital World. It shows their first encounter with Digimon and what happened to them (as well as the other children). Tai and Kari wake one morning to find a Digi-Egg that came out of their computer the night before and the egg soon hatches, revealing a Botamon. The Digimon then evolves into Koromon and then Agumon (not the same one that became friends with Tai in the series, and yet, somehow, both Koromon and Kari remember each other), who then goes out and unintentionally destroys a good part of the neighborhood with Kari riding on his back. A second Digi-Egg appears in the sky to reveal an evil digimon, Parrotmon. Agumon then Digivolves to Greymon but isn't strong enough to beat Parrotmon and is knocked out. Tai grabs Kari's whistle and wakes up Greymon, who defeats Parrotmon and disappears with him.
Title: Unfriended: Dark Web | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: ​When a 20-something finds a cache of hidden files on his new laptop, he and his friends are unwittingly thrust into the depths of the dark web. They soon discover someone has been watching their every move and will go to unimaginable lengths to protect the dark web.
Title: Sexual Chronicles of a French Family | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Three generations of a French family open up about their sexual experiences and desires after young Romain is caught masturbating in his biology class.
Title: The Little Hours | Genres: comedy | Overview: Garfagnana, Italy, 1347. The handsome servant Masseto, fleeing from his vindictive master, takes shelter in a nunnery where three young nuns, Sister Alessandra, Sister Ginevra and Sister Fernanda, try unsuccessfully to find out what their purpose in life is, a conundrum that each of them faces in different ways.
Title: The Rundown | Genres: adventure, action, comedy, thriller | Overview: When Travis, the mouthy son of a criminal, disappears in the Amazon in search of a treasured artifact, his father sends in Beck, who becomes Travis's rival for the affections of Mariana, a mysterious Brazilian woman. With his steely disposition, Beck is a man of few words -- but it takes him all the discipline he can muster to work with Travis to nab a tyrant who's after the same treasure.
Title: Violet Evergarden: The Movie | Genres: animation, fantasy, romance, drama | Overview: As the world moves on from the war and technological advances bring changes to her life, Violet still hopes to see her lost commanding officer again.
Title: 10,000 BC | Genres: adventure, action, drama, fantasy | Overview: A prehistoric epic that follows a young mammoth hunter's journey through uncharted territory to secure the future of his tribe.
Title: Chill Out, Scooby-Doo! | Genres: family, comedy, animation, adventure, mystery | Overview: The gang's vacation to Paris takes a wrong turn when Scooby and Shaggy miss their flight and end up on a skydiving expedition in the Himalayas. To make matters worse, upon arrival they must outrun the Abominable Snowmonster.
Title: We Were Soldiers | Genres: action, history, war | Overview: The story of the first major battle of the American phase of the Vietnam War and the soldiers on both sides that fought it.
Title: The Great Mouse Detective | Genres: animation, family, adventure, mystery | Overview: When the diabolical Professor Ratigan kidnaps London's master toymaker, the brilliant master of disguise Basil of Baker Street and his trusted sidekick Dawson try to elude the ultimate trap and foil the perfect crime.
Title: Showgirls | Genres: drama | Overview: A young drifter named Nomi arrives in Las Vegas to become a dancer and soon sets about clawing and pushing her way to become a top showgirl.
Title: Two Is a Family | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: A man without attachments or responsibilities suddenly finds himself with an abandoned baby and leaves for London to try and find the mother. Eight years later after he and his daughter become inseparable Gloria's mother reappears.
Title: Kung Fu Jungle | Genres: crime, action, thriller | Overview: A martial arts instructor working at a police academy gets imprisoned after killing a man by accident. But when a vicious killer starts targeting martial arts masters, the instructor offers to help the police in return for his freedom.
Title: Arthur Christmas | Genres: drama, animation, family, comedy | Overview: Each Christmas, Santa and his vast army of highly trained elves produce gifts and distribute them around the world in one night. However, when one of 600 million children to receive a gift from Santa on Christmas Eve is missed, it is deemed ‘acceptable’ to all but one—Arthur. Arthur Claus is Santa’s misfit son who executes an unauthorised rookie mission to get the last present half way around the globe before dawn on Christmas morning.
Title: Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events | Genres: adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Three wealthy children's parents are killed in a fire. When they are sent to a distant relative, they find out that he is plotting to kill them and seize their fortune.
Title: Ringu 2 | Genres: horror, mystery, science fiction | Overview: While investigating the horrifying death of her boyfriend, Mai Takano learns about a videotape haunted by the spirit of a disturbing girl named Sadako, which kills anyone who watches it exactly one week later. When her boyfriend’s son, Yoichi, starts to develop the same psychic abilities as Sadako, Takano must find a way to keep the boy and herself from becoming the next victims.
Title: Sexo contra sexo | Genres: comedy | Overview: The engineer José Luis, husband of the fichera and dancer Estrella Raleigh, dies in a plane crash. During the burial, Estrella discovers that her husband had another woman with whom he had a love relationship. However, the two women have been deceived since they are both married by the civilian to the same man. This they discover during the reading of the will, when they listen to a tape recorded by the now deceased José Luis, in which he explains the reasons for his infedility, simply due to his condition as a womanizing male.
Title: Mulholland Drive | Genres: thriller, drama, mystery | Overview: Blonde Betty Elms has only just arrived in Hollywood to become a movie star when she meets an enigmatic brunette with amnesia. Meanwhile, as the two set off to solve the second woman's identity, filmmaker Adam Kesher runs into ominous trouble while casting his latest project.
Title: The Battleship Island | Genres: action, history, drama | Overview: During the Japanese colonial era, roughly 400 Korean people, who were forced onto Battleship Island (‘Hashima Island’) to mine for coal, attempt to escape.
Title: Veronica | Genres: horror | Overview: Madrid, June 1991. After celebrating a session of Ouija with her friends, Verónica is besieged by dangerous supernatural presences that threaten to harm her entire family.
Title: EverAfter | Genres: drama, romance, comedy | Overview: A unique 16th century woman, Danielle possesses a love of books, and can easily quote from Sir Thomas More’s UTOPIA. An intriguing mix of tomboyish athleticism and physical beauty, she has more than enough charm to capture the heart of a prince ... after beaning him with an apple.
Title: The Magician | Genres: drama, romance, fantasy | Overview: A Princess in the Joseon Dynasty travels to the Qing Dynasty to marry. On the way to there, she meets a young magician and falls in love with him.
Title: The Wolfman | Genres: horror, history, drama, thriller | Overview: Lawrence Talbot, an American man on a visit to Victorian London to make amends with his estranged father, gets bitten by a werewolf and, after a moonlight transformation, leaves him with a savage hunger for flesh.
Title: Crazy Rich Asians | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: An American-born Chinese economics professor accompanies her boyfriend to Singapore for his best friend's wedding, only to get thrust into the lives of Asia's rich and famous.
Title: Hot Fuzz | Genres: crime, action, comedy | Overview: As a former London constable, Nicholas Angel finds it difficult to adapt to his new assignment in the sleepy British village of Sandford. Not only does he miss the excitement of the big city, but he also has a well-meaning oaf for a partner. However, when a series of grisly accidents rocks Sandford, Angel smells something rotten in the idyllic village.
Title: The Lodge | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: When a father is forced to abruptly depart for work, he leaves his children, Aidan and Mia, at their holiday home in the care of his new girlfriend, Grace. Isolated and alone, a blizzard traps them inside the lodge as terrifying events summon specters from Grace's dark past.
Title: 9 Songs | Genres: drama, music, romance | Overview: Matt, a young glaciologist, soars across the vast, silent, icebound immensities of the South Pole as he recalls his love affair with Lisa. They meet at a mobbed rock concert in a vast music hall - London's Brixton Academy. They are in bed at night's end. Together, over a period of several months, they pursue a mutual sexual passion whose inevitable stages unfold in counterpoint to nine live-concert songs.
Title: Dawn of the Dead | Genres: horror | Overview: During an ever-growing epidemic of zombies that have risen from the dead, two Philadelphia SWAT team members, a traffic reporter, and his television-executive girlfriend seek refuge in a secluded shopping mall.
Title: Doctor Dolittle | Genres: comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: A successful physician and devoted family man, John Dolittle seems to have the world by the tail, until a long suppressed talent he possessed as a child, the ability to communicate with animals is suddenly reawakened with a vengeance! Now every creature within squawking distance wants the good doctor's advice, unleashing an outrageous chain of events that turns his world upside down!
Title: Assassin 33 A.D. | Genres: science fiction | Overview: When a billionaire gives a group of young scientists unlimited resources to study the science of matter transfer, the scientists unlock the secrets of time travel. But they soon find out that the project is backed by a militant extremist group, and the billionaire plans to go back in time and prove that Jesus never rose from the dead.
Title: Mr. Nobody | Genres: science fiction, drama, romance, fantasy | Overview: Nemo Nobody leads an ordinary existence with his wife and 3 children; one day, he wakes up as a mortal centenarian in the year 2092.
Title: Good Luck Chuck | Genres: comedy | Overview: Cursed since childhood, dentist Charlie Logan cannot find the right woman. Even worse, he learns that each of his ex-girlfriends finds true love with the man she meets after her relationship with him ends. Hearing of Charlie's reputation as a good-luck charm, women from all over line up for a quick tryst. But when Charlie meets the woman of his dreams, he must find a way to break the curse or risk losing her to the next man she meets.
Title: Children of Heaven | Genres: drama, family | Overview: Zohre's shoes are gone; her older brother Ali lost them. They are poor, there are no shoes for Zohre until they come up with an idea: they will share one pair of shoes, Ali's. School awaits...
Title: Ghost in the Shell 2: Innocence | Genres: animation, drama, science fiction | Overview: Groundbreaking director Mamoru Oshii continues to push the boundaries of art and anime with this universally acclaimed cyber thriller following cyborg detective Batou as he tries to unravel the reasons for a murderous robot revolt in the year 2032. A quest for a killer that becomes a mind bending search for the meaning of life.
Title: Welcome to Marwen | Genres: drama, comedy, fantasy | Overview: When a devastating attack shatters Mark Hogancamp and wipes away all memories, no one expected recovery. Putting together pieces from his old and new life, Mark meticulously creates a wondrous town named Marwen where he can heal and be heroic. As he builds an astonishing art installation — a testament to the most powerful women he knows — through his fantasy world, he draws strength to triumph in the real one.
Title: Coma | Genres: science fiction | Overview: A young and talented architect comes to his senses after a horrific accident only to find himself in the odd dystopian world. A world that is filled with the memories of all current coma patients. Just like a human memory this world is fragmental, chaotic and unstable. This is COMA: icecaps, rivers and cities can all exist in a space of a single room and laws of physics are no longer laws as they can be bent.
Title: Love Actually | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: 'Love Actually' follows the lives of eight very different couples dealing with their love lives, in various loosely and interrelated tales, all set during a frantic month before Christmas in London, England.
Title: Mean Machine | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Disgraced ex-England football captain, Danny 'Mean Machine' Meehan, is thrown in jail for assaulting two police officers. He keeps his head down and has the opportunity to forget everything and change the lives of the prisoners. When these prisoners have the chance to put one over the evil guards during a prison football match, Danny takes the lead.
Title: Devil | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: A group of people are trapped in an elevator high above Philadelphia, and one of them is the devil.
Title: The Fly | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: When Seth Brundle makes a huge scientific and technological breakthrough in teleportation, he decides to test it on himself. Unbeknownst to him, a common housefly manages to get inside the device and the two become one.
Title: Big Fish | Genres: adventure, fantasy, drama | Overview: Throughout his life Edward Bloom has always been a man of big appetites, enormous passions and tall tales. In his later years, he remains a huge mystery to his son, William. Now, to get to know the real man, Will begins piecing together a true picture of his father from flashbacks of his amazing adventures.
Title: Goliath | Genres: drama | Overview: Patrick is a tenacious lawyer specializing in environmental law. France is a schoolteacher who becomes an activist after her husband develops cancer from exposure to a pesticide. Mathias is an ambitious lobbyist working for an international chemical corporation. The paths of these characters collide as the lives of thousands are affected by a tragic act that sparks a powerful movement while the corporation fights to prevent the truth from being revealed.
Title: The Monkey King: Reborn | Genres: animation, action, fantasy | Overview: At the beginning of chaos, the first demon in the world was born, named Yuandi, and it was worshipped as the ancestor of demons. Thousands of years later, the former demon king Sun Wukong is rescued from the Five Elements Mountain by Monk Tang, who promises to protect him and go to the West to get the scriptures.
Title: Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby | Genres: comedy | Overview: The fastest man on four wheels, Ricky Bobby is one of the greatest drivers in NASCAR history. A big, hairy American winning machine, Ricky has everything a dimwitted daredevil could want, a luxurious mansion, a smokin' hot wife and all the fast food he can eat. But Ricky's turbo-charged lifestyle hits an unexpected speed bump when he's bested by flamboyant Euro-idiot Jean Girard and reduced to a fear-ridden wreck.
Title: Amulet | Genres: horror | Overview: Tomaz, an ex-soldier now homeless in London, is offered a place to stay at a decaying house, inhabited by a young woman and her dying mother. As he starts to fall for Magda, Tomaz cannot ignore his suspicion that something insidious might also be living alongside them.
Title: The Raid | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: Deep in the heart of Jakarta's slums lies an impenetrable safe house for the world's most dangerous killers and gangsters. Until now, the run-down apartment block has been considered untouchable to even the bravest of police. Cloaked under the cover of pre-dawn darkness and silence, an elite swat team is tasked with raiding the safe house in order to take down the notorious drug lord that runs it. But when a chance encounter with a spotter blows their cover and news of their assault reaches the drug lord, the building's lights are cut and all the exits blocked. Stranded on the sixth floor with no way out, the unit must fight their way through the city's worst to survive their mission. Starring Indonesian martial arts sensation Iko Uwais.
Title: Æon Flux | Genres: science fiction, action, thriller | Overview: 400 years into the future, disease has wiped out the majority of the world's population, except one walled city, Bregna, ruled by a congress of scientists. When Æon Flux, the top operative in the underground 'Monican' rebellion, is sent on a mission to kill a government leader, she uncovers a world of secrets.
Title: I Am Iron Man | Genres: documentary | Overview: A documentary covering pre-production topics like suit design and construction, storyboards, animatics, and pre-viz, sets, working in the suit, casting, rehearsals, and preparation, and the start of the shoot. From there we look at performances, locations and production design, stunts, hardware and practical effects, and various sequence specifics. Finally, the program goes through post-production at Skywalker Ranch, the titles and a few visual elements, and wrapping up the flick.
Title: Original Sin | Genres: thriller | Overview: A young man is plunged into a life of subterfuge, deceit and mistaken identity in pursuit of a femme fatale whose heart is never quite within his grasp
Title: Lie with Me | Genres: drama | Overview: Happily unattached, the sexually voracious Leila satisfies her desires with a host of rapidly changing bed partners, unconcerned about the emotional consequences. But that all changes when she meets an artist looking for a deeper commitment.
Title: Waterworld | Genres: adventure, action, science fiction | Overview: In a futuristic world where the polar ice caps have melted and made Earth a liquid planet, a beautiful barmaid rescues a mutant seafarer from a floating island prison. They escape, along with her young charge, Enola, and sail off aboard his ship.
Title: Escape Plan: The Extractors | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: After security expert Ray Breslin is hired to rescue the kidnapped daughter of a Hong Kong tech mogul from a formidable Latvian prison, Breslin's girlfriend is also captured. Now he and his team must pull off a deadly rescue mission to confront their sadistic foe and save the hostages before time runs out.
Title: Pokémon Heroes: Latios and Latias | Genres: animation, adventure, action, fantasy | Overview: Ash, Pikachu and his friends try and stop a pair of thieves hiding out in the canals and alleyways of Altomare, the age-old water capital. Joining the adventure are two new legendary Pokémon, a pair of siblings named Latias and Latios, who serve as peacekeepers and protectors of the Soul Dew - a priceless treasure with a mysterious power.
Title: Violet Evergarden: Eternity and the Auto Memory Doll | Genres: drama, fantasy, animation | Overview: Isabella, the daughter of the noble York family, is enrolled in an all-girls academy to be groomed into a dame worthy of nobility. However, she has given up on her future, seeing the prestigious school as nothing more than a prison from the outside world. Her family notices her struggling in her lessons and decides to hire Violet Evergarden to personally tutor her under the guise of a handmaiden. At first, Isabella treats Violet coldly. Violet seems to be able to do everything perfectly, leading Isabella to assume that she was born with a silver spoon. After some time, Isabella begins to realize that Violet has had her own struggles and starts to open up to her. Isabella soon reveals that she has lost contact with her beloved younger sister, whom she yearns to see again. Having experienced the power of words through her past clientele, Violet asks if Isabella wishes to write a letter to Taylor. Will Violet be able to help Isabella convey her feelings to her long-lost sister?
Title: In the Mood for Love | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Hong Kong, 1962: Chow Mo-Wan and Su Li-Zhen move into neighboring apartments on the same day. Their encounters are formal and polite—until a discovery about their spouses creates an intimate bond between them.
Title: Scooby-Doo! and the Goblin King | Genres: animation, mystery, comedy, family, adventure, fantasy, music | Overview: Scooby-Doo and Shaggy must go into the underworld ruled by the Goblin King in order to stop a mortal named The Amazing Krudsky who wants power and is a threat to their pals, Fred, Velma and Daphne.
Title: Adventures in Babysitting | Genres: tv movie, comedy, family | Overview: Two teen rival babysitters, Jenny and Lola, team up to hunt down one of their kids who accidentally ran away into the big city without any supervision.
Title: Oldboy | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery, action | Overview: An everyday man has only three and a half days and limited resources to discover why he was imprisoned in a nondescript room for 20 years without any explanation.
Title: Greyhound | Genres: war, action, drama | Overview: A first-time captain leads a convoy of allied ships carrying thousands of soldiers across the treacherous waters of the “Black Pit” to the front lines of WW2. With no air cover protection for 5 days, the captain and his convoy must battle the surrounding enemy Nazi U-boats in order to give the allies a chance to win the war.
Title: Death Becomes Her | Genres: comedy, fantasy, horror | Overview: Madeline is married to Ernest, who was once arch-rival Helen's fiance. After recovering from a mental breakdown, Helen vows to kill Madeline and steal back Ernest. Unfortunately for everyone, the introduction of a magic potion causes things to be a great deal more complicated than a mere murder plot.
Title: Eragon | Genres: fantasy, action, adventure, family | Overview: In his homeland of Alagaesia, a farm boy happens upon a dragon's egg -- a discovery that leads him on a predestined journey where he realized he's the one person who can defend his home against an evil king.
Title: The Burning Sea | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: An oil platform dramatically goes down on the Norwegian coast, and researchers try to find out what happened when they realize this is just the start of something even more serious.
Title: Every Secret Thing | Genres: thriller, drama, crime, mystery | Overview: One clear summer day in a Baltimore suburb, a baby goes missing from her front porch. Two young girls serve seven years for the crime and are released into a town that hasn't fully forgiven or forgotten. Soon, another child is missing, and two detectives are called in to investigate the mystery in a community where everyone seems to have a secret.
Title: Madea Goes to Jail | Genres: comedy, crime, drama | Overview: After a high-speed car chase, Madea winds up behind bars because her quick temper gets the best of her. Meanwhile, Assistant District Attorney Josh Hardaway lands a case that's too personal to handle: that of a young prostitute and former drug addict named Candace. When Candace winds up in jail, Madea takes the young woman under her protective wing.
Title: Chinatown | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Private eye Jake Gittes lives off of the murky moral climate of sunbaked, pre-World War II Southern California. Hired by a beautiful socialite to investigate her husband's extra-marital affair, Gittes is swept into a maelstrom of double dealings and deadly deceits, uncovering a web of personal and political scandals that come crashing together.
Title: Ronaldo | Genres: history, documentary | Overview: Filmed over 14 months with unprecedented access into the inner circle of the man and the sport, this is the first official and fully authorised film of one of the most celebrated figures in football. For the first time ever, the world gets vividly candid and un-paralleled, behind-closed-doors access to the footballer, father, family-man and friend in this moving & fascinating documentary. Through in-depth conversations, state of the art football footage and never before seen archival footage, the film gives an astonishing insight into the sporting and personal life of triple Ballon D'Or winner Cristiano Ronaldo at the peak of his career. From the makers of ‘Senna’ and ‘Amy’, Ronaldo takes audiences on an intimate and revealing journey of what it’s like to live as an iconic athlete in the eye of the storm.
Title: Beauty Salon: Special Service | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: A legendary beauty salon that is sure to become a regular once you go!”Sir, would you like to have a very hot service?”In order to overcome the financial difficulties of the beauty parlor,It begins to attract the male guests with the special technique that makes it from head to toe.Kurt, Firm, and ‘it’ to open the hair salon is good!
Title: From Dusk Till Dawn | Genres: horror, action, thriller, crime | Overview: Seth Gecko and his younger brother Richard are on the run after a bloody bank robbery in Texas. They escape across the border into Mexico and will be home-free the next morning, when they pay off the local kingpin. They just have to survive 'from dusk till dawn' at the rendezvous point, which turns out to be a Hell of a strip joint.
Title: Trauma Center | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Lt. Wakes is a vengeful police detective determined to solve the murders of his partner and an informant, and joins forces with a witness injured during the shootings. After the killers pursue the witness across the abandoned floor of a hospital, she confirms Wakes's worst fears.
Title: Cosmoball | Genres: science fiction, adventure | Overview: Cosmoball is a mesmerizing intergalactic game of future played between humans and aliens at the giant extraterrestrial ship hovering in the sky over Earth. A young man with enormous power of an unknown nature joins the team of hot-headed superheroes in exchange for a cure for his mother’s deadly illness. The Four from Earth will fight not only to defend the honor of their home planet in the spectacular game, but to face the unprecedented threat to the Galaxy and embrace their own destiny.
Title: Desperado | Genres: thriller, action, crime | Overview: Mariachi plunges headfirst into the dark border underworld when he follows a trail of blood to the last of the infamous Mexican drug lords, Bucho, for an action-packed, bullet-riddled showdown. With the help of his best friend and a beautiful bookstore owner, the Mariachi tracks Bucho, takes on his army of desperados, and leaves a trail of blood of his own.
Title: Stargate | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: An interstellar teleportation device, found in Egypt, leads to a planet with humans resembling ancient Egyptians who worship the god Ra.
Title: Let Me In | Genres: drama, horror, mystery | Overview: A bullied young boy befriends a young female vampire who lives in secrecy with her guardian. A remake of the movie “Let The Right One In” which was an adaptation of a book.
Title: For Your Eyes Only | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: A British spy ship has sunk and on board was a hi-tech encryption device. James Bond is sent to find the device that holds British launching instructions before the enemy Soviets get to it first.
Title: Forever Rich | Genres: crime, comedy, drama | Overview: This is the story of Richie and his journey to become the greatest rap-artist in the Netherlands. One evening he is violently mugged by a group of teenagers and loses his most prized possession: an expensive watch. When images of the humiliating robbery go viral, Richie's hard-earned reputation is damaged.
Title: Kalashnikov AK-47 | Genres: war, history, drama | Overview: Tank commander Kalashnikov is severely injured in battle in 1941. The accident leaves him incapacitated and unable to return to the front line. While recovering in the hospital he begins creating the initial sketches of what will become one of the world’s most legendary weapons. A self-taught inventor, Mikhail Kalashnikov, is only 29 when he develops the now iconic assault riffle — the AK-47.
Title: The In Between | Genres: science fiction, romance | Overview: After surviving a car accident that took the life of her boyfriend, a teenage girl believes he's attempting to reconnect with her from the after world.
Title: A Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Dream demon Freddy Krueger is resurrected from his apparent demise, and rapidly tracks down and kills the remainder of the Elm Street kids. However, Kristen, who can draw others into her dreams, wills her special ability to her friend Alice. Alice soon realizes that Freddy is taking advantage of that unknown power to pull a new group of children into his foul domain.
Title: Como Hackear Seu Chefe | Genres: comedy | Overview: Victor accidentally sends a compromising email to his nagging boss. With the help of his office crush and a clueless friend, he'll try to save his job while having to deal with a rook hacker the porn industry, a children's online game and Smiley, the company mascot.
Title: True Lies | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A fearless, globe-trotting, terrorist-battling secret agent has his life turned upside down when he discovers his wife might be having an affair with a used car salesman while terrorists smuggle nuclear war heads into the United States.
Title: The Three Musketeers | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: The hot-headed young D'Artagnan along with three former legendary but now down on their luck Musketeers must unite and defeat a beautiful double agent and her villainous employer from seizing the French throne and engulfing Europe in war.
Title: Gonjiam: Haunted Asylum | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: The crew of a horror web series travels to an abandoned asylum for a live broadcast, but they encounter much more than expected as they move deeper inside the nightmarish old building.
Title: Mia and the White Lion | Genres: adventure, family, drama | Overview: A young girl from London moves to Africa with her parents where she befriends a lion cub.
Title: Moms' Night Out | Genres: comedy | Overview: Yearning for an evening without their kids, some friends plan a night out. But to do this, their husbands need to watch the kids. What can go wrong?
Title: U.S. Marshals | Genres: thriller, crime, action | Overview: U.S. Marshal Sam Gerard is accompanying a plane load of convicts from Chicago to New York. The plane crashes spectacularly, and Mark Sheridan escapes. But when Diplomatic Security Agent John Royce is assigned to help Gerard recapture Sheridan, it becomes clear that Sheridan is more than just another murderer.
Title: The Man with the Golden Gun | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: Cool government operative James Bond searches for a stolen invention that can turn the sun's heat into a destructive weapon. He soon crosses paths with the menacing Francisco Scaramanga, a hitman so skilled he has a seven-figure working fee. Bond then joins forces with the swimsuit-clad Mary Goodnight, and together they track Scaramanga to a tropical isle hideout where the killer-for-hire lures the slick spy into a deadly maze for a final duel.
Title: The Healer | Genres: family, drama, comedy | Overview: The film follows a man with an unwanted gift for healing who meets a teenager with cancer who helps him to find himself.
Title: Acrimony | Genres: thriller | Overview: A faithful wife takes action when it becomes clear to her that her devious husband has betrayed her.
Title: Mars Attacks! | Genres: comedy, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: 'We come in peace' is not what those green men from Mars mean when they invade our planet, armed with irresistible weapons and a cruel sense of humor. This star studded cast must play victim to the alien’s fun and games in this comedy homage to science fiction films of the '50s and '60s.
Title: Sex Is Zero | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: At Sunjong University, a few students are serious, including Eun-hyo, who works hard at aerobics in hopes of doing well in a national competition. Most students goof off: drinking, partying, and focusing on sex. Eun-shik, a law student who's been in the military, is older but socially inept. He likes Eun-hyo; even though his earnest and simple side appeals to her, his juvenile excesses make him irrelevant when Sung-ok, a good-looking rich kid, charms Eun-hyo. They begin an affair, leaving Eun-shik on the sidelines. The national competition approaches and complications arise.
Title: RV | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: Climbing aboard their mammoth recreational vehicle for a cross-country road trip to the Colorado Rockies, the McNeive family – led by dysfunctional patriarch, Bob – prepares for the adventure of a lifetime. But spending two weeks together in one seriously small space has a way of cramping their style.
Title: Evil Eye | Genres: mystery, thriller, horror | Overview: A seemingly perfect romance turns dark when a mother becomes convinced her daughter’s new boyfriend has a sinister connection to her own past.
Title: The Zookeeper's Wife | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The account of keepers of the Warsaw Zoo, Jan and Antonina Zabinski, who helped save hundreds of people and animals during the Nazi invasion.
Title: Marvel One-Shot: Agent Carter | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: The film takes place one year after the events of Captain America: The First Avenger, in which Agent Carter, a member of the Strategic Scientific Reserve, is in search of the mysterious Zodiac.
Title: Alexander | Genres: war, history, action, adventure, drama, romance | Overview: Alexander, the King of Macedonia, leads his legions against the giant Persian Empire. After defeating the Persians, he leads his army across the then known world, venturing farther than any westerner had ever gone, all the way to India.
Title: Bridget Jones's Diary | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: A chaotic Bridget Jones meets a snobbish lawyer, and he soon enters her world of imperfections.
Title: Polar | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: When a retiring assassin realizes that he is the target of a hit, he winds up back in the game going head to head with a gang of younger, ruthless killers.
Title: Deadly Excursion | Genres: thriller, tv movie | Overview: A woman and her daughter charter a sail boat while on spring break only to discover the captain has plans to make sure they never return home.
"Title: Darlin' | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: Found at a Catholic hospital filthy and ferocious, feral teenager Darlin’ is whisked off to a care home run by The Bishop and his obedient nuns, where she’s to be rehabilitated into a ""good girl"" as an example of the miraculous work of the church. But Darlin’ holds a secret darker than the ""sins"" she is threatened with, and she is not traveling alone. The Woman who raised her, equally fierce and feral, is ever present in the shadows of Darlin’s psyche and is determined to come for her no matter who tries to get in her way."
Title: Kiss of the Dragon | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Liu Jian, an elite Chinese police officer, comes to Paris to arrest a Chinese drug lord. When Jian is betrayed by a French officer and framed for murder, he must go into hiding and find new allies.
Title: Juno | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Faced with an unplanned pregnancy, an offbeat young woman makes an unusual decision regarding her unborn child.
Title: Ultimate Avengers 2 | Genres: adventure, animation, action, science fiction | Overview: Mysterious Wakanda lies in the darkest heart of Africa, unknown to most of the world. An isolated land hidden behind closed borders, fiercely protected by its young king: Black Panther. But when brutal alien invaders attack, the threat leaves Black Panther with no option but to go against the sacred decrees of his people and ask for help from outsiders.
Title: Naked | Genres: comedy | Overview: Following a wild night out with his Best Man, Rob Anderson wakes up to find himself naked in an elevator on the morning of his wedding day and is forced to relive the morning over and over again.
Title: The Other Lamb | Genres: horror, drama, thriller | Overview: For her entire life, the cult she was born into has been all that teenage Selah has known. Along with a band of similarly cloistered young women she lives seemingly unstuck in time, cut off from modern society in a remote forest commune presided over by a man called Shepherd, a controlling, messiah-like figure with a frightening dark side. But when her insular world is rocked by a series of nightmarish visions and disturbing revelations, Selah begins to question everything about her existence—including her allegiance to the increasingly dangerous Shepherd.
Title: Holidate | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Fed up with being single on holidays, two strangers agree to be each other's platonic plus-ones all year long, only to catch real feelings along the way.
Title: Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie | Genres: family, action, adventure, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: Power up with six incredible teens who out-maneuver and defeat evil everywhere as the Mighty Morphin Power Ranger, But this time the Power Rangers may have met their match, when they face off with the most sinister monster the galaxy has ever seen.
Title: District B13 | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Set in the ghettos of Paris in 2010, an undercover cop and ex-thug try to infiltrate a gang in order to defuse a neutron bomb.
Title: Monster High: Welcome to Monster High | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Monsters once lived in hiding—even from each other—because they were afraid they would be in danger if humans knew they existed. But Draculaura, the daughter of Dracula, along with her best ghoulfriends, dreamt of a school where everyone was welcome and accepted for who they are. Determined to make their dream come true, the ghouls travel the world on an epic adventure to recruit new students. But even in this amazing place, there's drama: a villainess zombie is spreading trouble rather than friendship, and every student must live with the fear that their secret will be revealed. Now the ghouls must save their school so that every monster has a place where they belong and their uniqueness is celebrated!
Title: Land of the Dead | Genres: horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: The world is full of zombies and the survivors have barricaded themselves inside a walled city to keep out the living dead. As the wealthy hide out in skyscrapers and chaos rules the streets, the rest of the survivors must find a way to stop the evolving zombies from breaking into the city.
Title: If It Bleeds We Can Kill It: The Making of 'Predator' | Genres: documentary | Overview: A behind-the-scenes look at the 1987 sci-fi/action film that has since become one of the modern classics, about a team of special forces soldiers who find themselves being stalked and killed by a hunter from another world. Includes interviews with the cast and crew, who relate their experiences in bringing this film to life.
"Title: Winnie the Pooh | Genres: animation, family, comedy, adventure | Overview: During an ordinary day in Hundred Acre Wood, Winnie the Pooh sets out to find some honey. Misinterpreting a note from Christopher Robin, Owl convinces Pooh, Tigger, Rabbit, Piglet, Kanga, Roo, and Eeyore that their young friend has been captured by a creature named ""Backson"" and they set out to rescue him."
Title: Shiloh | Genres: drama, family | Overview: An abused beagle runs away from his owner. On the road, he meets young Marty Preston and follows him home. The boy immediately forms a bond with the dog and names him Shiloh. His stern father won't let him keep the dog because it belongs to Judd Travers, a local hunter. After Shiloh is mistreated again, he runs away and returns to Marty. Knowing his father will once again make him bring Shiloh back to Judd, he makes a home for the dog in an old shed up the hill from the Prestons' house and hides him from his family. His secret is soon discovered when a stray attacks the dog one night and he must turn to his father for help.
Title: Ajin: Demi-Human – Compel | Genres: animation, action, thriller | Overview: For high schooler Kei—and for at least forty-six others—immortality comes as the nastiest surprise ever. Sadly for Kei, such a feat doesn't make him a superhero. In the eyes of both the general public and governments, he's a rare specimen who needs to be hunted down and handed over to scientists to be experimented on for life—a demi-human who must die a thousand deaths for the benefit of humanity.
"Title: Boogie Nights | Genres: drama | Overview: Set in 1977, back when sex was safe, pleasure was a business and business was booming, idealistic porn producer Jack Horner aspires to elevate his craft to an art form. Horner discovers Eddie Adams, a hot young talent working as a busboy in a nightclub, and welcomes him into the extended family of movie-makers, misfits and hangers-on that are always around. Adams' rise from nobody to a celebrity adult entertainer is meteoric, and soon the whole world seems to know his porn alter ego, ""Dirk Diggler"". Now, when disco and drugs are in vogue, fashion is in flux and the party never seems to stop, Adams' dreams of turning sex into stardom are about to collide with cold, hard reality."
Title: Shin Godzilla | Genres: action, science fiction, horror | Overview: When a massive, gilled monster emerges from the deep and tears through the city, the government scrambles to save its citizens. A rag-tag team of volunteers cuts through a web of red tape to uncover the monster's weakness and its mysterious ties to a foreign superpower. But time is not on their side - the greatest catastrophe to ever befall the world is about to evolve right before their very eyes.
Title: 12 Years a Slave | Genres: drama, history | Overview: In the pre-Civil War United States, Solomon Northup, a free black man from upstate New York, is abducted and sold into slavery. Facing cruelty as well as unexpected kindnesses Solomon struggles not only to stay alive, but to retain his dignity. In the twelfth year of his unforgettable odyssey, Solomon’s chance meeting with a Canadian abolitionist will forever alter his life.
Title: The Ultimate Gift | Genres: romance, drama, family | Overview: When his wealthy grandfather finally dies, Jason Stevens fully expects to benefit when it comes to the reading of the will. But instead of a sizable inheritance, Jason receives a test, a series of tasks he must complete before he can get any money.
Title: In Hell | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: A man must survive a prison where hardened criminals battle to the death for the warden's entertainment.
Title: For the Sake of Vicious | Genres: action, horror, mystery | Overview: An overworked nurse returns home to find a maniac hiding out with a bruised and beaten hostage. When an unexpected wave of violent intruders descend upon her home, it becomes a fight for survival.
Title: The Young Messiah | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Tells the story of Jesus Christ at age seven as he and his family depart Egypt to return home to Nazareth. Told from his childhood perspective, it follows young Jesus as he grows into his religious identity.
Title: The Big Boss | Genres: action | Overview: Chen is a city boy who moves with his cousins to work at an ice factory. He does this with a family promise never to get involved in any fight. However, when members of his family begin disappearing after meeting the management of the factory, the resulting mystery and pressures force him to break that vow and take on the villainy of the Big Boss.
"Title: Lake Placid | Genres: horror, comedy, action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: When a man is eaten alive by an unknown creature, the local Game Warden teams up with a paleontologist from New York to find the beast. Add to the mix an eccentric philanthropist with a penchant for ""Crocs"", and here we go! This quiet, remote lake is suddenly the focus of an intense search for a crocodile with a taste for live animals...and people!"
Title: Naked Gun 33⅓: The Final Insult | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Frank Drebin is persuaded out of retirement to go undercover in a state prison. There he has to find out what top terrorist, Rocco, has planned for when he escapes. Adding to his problems, Frank's wife, Jane, is desperate for a baby.
Title: This Means War | Genres: action, comedy, romance | Overview: Two top CIA operatives wage an epic battle against one another after they discover they are dating the same woman.
Title: The Vanished | Genres: thriller | Overview: A family vacation takes a terrifying turn when parents Paul and Wendy discover their young daughter has vanished without a trace. Stopping at nothing to find her, the search for the truth leads to a shocking revelation.
Title: Leprechaun: Origins | Genres: horror | Overview: Two young couples backpacking through Ireland discover that one of Ireland's most famous legends is a terrifying reality.
Title: Batman: Mystery of the Batwoman | Genres: adventure, fantasy, animation, action, science fiction, family | Overview: As if the Penguin wasn't enough to contend with, a new vigilante has surfaced in Gotham City, and her strong-arm tactics give Batman cause for concern.
Title: Naruto Shippuden: OVA Hashirama Senju vs Madara Uchiha | Genres: animation | Overview: Naruto Shippūden Ultimate Ninja Storm Generations OVA Madara vs Hashirama is the tenth Naruto OVA. It is distributed as part of Naruto Shippūden: Ultimate Ninja Storm Generations.
Title: Fighting with My Family | Genres: comedy | Overview: Born into a tight-knit wrestling family, Paige and her brother Zak are ecstatic when they get the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to try out for the WWE. But when only Paige earns a spot in the competitive training program, she must leave her loved ones behind and face this new cutthroat world alone. Paige's journey pushes her to dig deep and ultimately prove to the world that what makes her different is the very thing that can make her a star.
Title: Pom Poko | Genres: adventure, animation, fantasy | Overview: The Raccoons of the Tama Hills are being forced from their homes by the rapid development of houses and shopping malls. As it becomes harder to find food and shelter, they decide to band together and fight back. The Raccoons practice and perfect the ancient art of transformation until they are even able to appear as humans in hilarious circumstances.
Title: Lethal Weapon | Genres: adventure, action, comedy, thriller, crime | Overview: Veteran buttoned-down LAPD detective Roger Murtaugh is partnered with unhinged cop Martin Riggs, who -- distraught after his wife's death -- has a death wish and takes unnecessary risks with criminals at every turn. The odd couple embark on their first homicide investigation as partners, involving a young woman known to Murtaugh with ties to a drug and prostitution ring.
Title: Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Long Haul | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: A Heffley family road trip to attend Meemaw's 90th birthday party goes hilariously off course thanks to Greg's newest scheme to get to a video gaming convention.
Title: Fargo | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Jerry, a small-town Minnesota car salesman is bursting at the seams with debt... but he's got a plan. He's going to hire two thugs to kidnap his wife in a scheme to collect a hefty ransom from his wealthy father-in-law. It's going to be a snap and nobody's going to get hurt... until people start dying. Enter Police Chief Marge, a coffee-drinking, parka-wearing - and extremely pregnant - investigator who'll stop at nothing to get her man. And if you think her small-time investigative skills will give the crooks a run for their ransom... you betcha!
Title: Monk Comes Down the Mountain | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: When a young monk is forced to leave his impoverished monastery, he relies on his extraordinary martial arts skills to survive in the outside world. In search of a mentor, he crosses paths with a Kung Fu master who is in possession of the Book of Secrets, which reveals the lost art of the deadly Ape Strike Kung Fu technique. The rare book is coveted by a sinister father and son who will go to any extremes to obtain it. The monk finds himself immersed in a deadly battle to protect both the book and his master.
Title: Live and Let Die | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: James Bond must investigate a mysterious murder case of a British agent in New Orleans. Soon he finds himself up against a gangster boss named Mr. Big.
Title: Thunderbolt | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: In order to release his kidnapped sister, sports car mechanic Jackie Chan has to beat a super-criminal street racer.
Title: Free Birds | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Two turkeys from opposite sides of the tracks must put aside their differences and team up to travel back in time to change the course of history—and get turkey off the holiday menu for good.
Title: Sniper: Ghost Shooter | Genres: action, drama, war | Overview: Elite snipers Brandon Beckett and Richard Miller are tasked with protecting a gas pipeline from terrorists looking to make a statement. When battles with the enemy lead to snipers being killed by a ghost shooter who knows their exact location, tensions boil as a security breach is suspected. Is there someone working with the enemy on the inside? Is the mission a front for other activity? Is the Colonel pulling the strings?
Title: Return to Never Land | Genres: adventure, fantasy, animation, family | Overview: In 1940, the world is besieged by World War II. Wendy, all grown up, has two children; including Jane, who does not believe Wendy's stories about Peter Pan.
Title: Y Tu Mamá También | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In Mexico, two teenage boys and an attractive older woman embark on a road trip and learn a thing or two about life, friendship, sex, and each other.
Title: Spenser Confidential | Genres: comedy, action, thriller | Overview: Spenser, a former Boston patrolman who just got out from prison, teams up with Hawk, an aspiring fighter, to unravel the truth behind the death of two police officers.
Title: Cold Eyes | Genres: crime, action, thriller | Overview: HA Yoon-ju becomes the newest member to a unit within the Korean Police Forces Special Crime Department that specializes in surveillance activities on high profile criminals. She teams up with HWANG Sang-Jun, the veteran leader of the unit, and tries to track down James who is the cold-hearted leader of an armed criminal organization.
Title: The Bad Seed | Genres: horror, drama, thriller | Overview: A widower suspects that his seemingly perfect adolescent daughter is a heartless killer.
Title: Memories of Murder | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: 1986 Gyunggi Province. The body of a young woman is found brutally raped and murdered. Two months later, a series of rapes and murders commences under similar circumstances. And in a country that had never known such crimes, the dark whispers about a serial murderer grow louder. A special task force is set up in the area, with two local detectives Park Doo-Man and Jo Young-Goo joined by a detective from Seoul who requested to be assigned to the case.
Title: Free Willy 2: The Adventure Home | Genres: family, adventure, drama | Overview: Jesse becomes reunited with Willy three years after the whale's jump to freedom as the teenager tries to rescue the killer whale and other orcas from an oil spill.
Title: Shame | Genres: drama | Overview: Brandon, a thirty-something man living in New York, eludes intimacy with women but feeds his deepest desires with a compulsive addiction to sex. When his younger sister temporarily moves into his apartment, stirring up bitter memories of their shared painful past, Brandon's life, like his fragile mind, gets out of control.
"Title: Tooth Fairy 2 | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Larry Guthrie, who loses his first love to the town hot shot, decides to win her back by volunteering with the children at her after-school program. When Larry accidentally tells the kids the Tooth Fairy is make-believe, he soon is transformed into a tutu-clad fairy with the ""sentence"" of collecting teeth."
Title: A Cinderella Story: Christmas Wish | Genres: comedy, music, romance, fantasy | Overview: Kat is an aspiring singer-songwriter who dreams of making it big. However, her dreams are stalled by her reality: a conniving and cruel stepfamily and a demoralizing job working as a singing elf at billionaire Terrence Wintergarden’s Santa Land.
Title: Good Time | Genres: thriller, crime, drama | Overview: After a botched bank robbery lands his younger brother in prison, Connie Nikas embarks on a twisted odyssey through New York City's underworld to get his brother Nick out of jail.
Title: Old School | Genres: comedy | Overview: Three friends attempt to recapture their glory days by opening up a fraternity near their alma mater.
Title: Freedom Writers | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: A young teacher inspires her class of at-risk students to learn tolerance, apply themselves, and pursue education beyond high school.
Title: Jaws 2 | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Police chief Brody must protect the citizens of Amity after a second monstrous shark begins terrorizing the waters.
Title: The Sound of Music | Genres: drama, family, music, romance | Overview: In the years before the Second World War, a tomboyish postulant at an Austrian abbey becomes a governess in the home of a widowed naval captain with seven children, and brings a new love of life and music into the home.
Title: The Bone Collector | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller, crime | Overview: Rookie cop, Amelia Donaghy reluctantly teams with Lincoln Rhyme – formerly the department's top homicide detective but now paralyzed as a result of a spinal injury – to catch a grisly serial killer dubbed 'The Bone Collector'. The murderer's special signature is to leave tantalizing clues based on the grim remains of his crimes.
Title: Eli | Genres: horror | Overview: A boy named Eli with a rare autoimmune disorder is confined to a special experimental clinic for his treatment. He soon begins experiencing supernatural forces, turning the supposedly safe facility into a haunted prison for him and his fellow patients.
Title: Dennis the Menace | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: Mr. Wilson's ever-present annoyance comes in the form of one mischievous kid named Dennis. But he'll need Dennis's tricks to uncover a collection of gold coins that go missing when a shady drifter named Switchblade Sam comes to town.
Title: Miss Congeniality | Genres: comedy, crime, action | Overview: When the local FBI office receives a letter from a terrorist known only as 'The Citizen', it's quickly determined that he's planning his next act at the Miss America beauty pageant. Because tough-as-nails Gracie Hart is the only female Agent at the office, she's chosen to go undercover as the contestant from New Jersey.
Title: Down | Genres: horror, science fiction, drama | Overview: A pair of coworkers gets trapped in an elevator over a long weekend, but what at first promises to be a romantic connection turns nefarious as each party begins to reveal who they truly are.
Title: A Score to Settle | Genres: action, thriller, drama | Overview: A former mob enforcer who is released from prison after serving 22 years for a crime he didn't commit sets out on a path for revenge against the people who wronged him.
Title: The Animal | Genres: comedy | Overview: When loser Marvin Mange is involved in a horrible car accident, he's brought back to life by a deranged scientist as half man and half animal. His newfound powers are awesome -- but their adverse side effects could take over his life. Now, Marvin must fight to control his crazy primal urges around his new squeeze, Rianna, and his rival, Sgt. Sisk, who both think he's one cool cat.
Title: Ninja: Shadow of a Tear | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Fight everyone and trust no one: it's the code of survival practiced by martial-arts master Casey Bowman after his life of domestic bliss is shattered by a savage act of violence. Vowing revenge, the fearless American stealthily tracks the killer from Osaka to Bangkok to Rangoon with the help of a wise and crafty sensei. His only clues: a series of victims whose necks bear the distinctive mark of strangulation by barbed wire. Fighting to avenge as well as to survive, Casey must sharpen his razor-like responses and take his battle skills to the next level, even using deep meditation to fake his own death. His target: the sinister drug lord Goro, who is flooding the streets with deadly meth cooked at his remote jungle factory. To prepare for his ultimate confrontation, Casey must finally become an invisible warrior worthy of the name Ninja. But just when his prey is cornered, an unexpected twist shows Casey that his battle is only beginning: he truly can trust no one.
Title: Pilgrimage | Genres: action, adventure, drama | Overview: In 13th century Ireland a group of monks must escort a sacred relic across an Irish landscape fraught with peril.
Title: The Magnificent Seven | Genres: western | Overview: An oppressed Mexican peasant village hires seven gunfighters to help defend their homes.
Title: Birth of the Dragon | Genres: action, drama | Overview: Set against the backdrop of San Francisco’s Chinatown, this cross-cultural biopic chronicles Bruce Lee’s emergence as a martial-arts superstar after his legendary secret showdown with fellow martial artist Wong Jack Man.
Title: One Piece: Giant Mecha Soldier of Karakuri Castle | Genres: action, animation, comedy | Overview: The Straw Hats visits an island, known as Mecha Island, where a fisherman sings an old folk song about a Golden Crown. Searching for that mysterious treasure, they find a hidden entrance into the island. The island's leader, Ratchet, impressed with the find and in search of the Golden Crown himself, invites the crew to join him in his search and the crew along with Ratchet and his henchmen enter the cave. As it turns out, the islands true form, is that of a giant turtle. Ratchet, who had known this all along, uses his mechanical castle to take control of the turtle, in order to use it, to take over the world. Now the Straw Hats have to stop not only Ratchet, but also the helpless turtle, from crashing into a nearby island.
Title: The Way of the Dragon | Genres: action, crime | Overview: Tang Lung arrives in Rome to help his cousins in the restaurant business. They are being pressured to sell their property to the syndicate, who will stop at nothing to get what they want. When Tang arrives he poses a new threat to the syndicate, and they are unable to defeat him. The syndicate boss hires the best Japanese and European martial artists to fight Tang, but he easily finishes them off.
Title: Taxi 4 | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Before being extradited to Africa to stand trial, a notorious Belgian criminal is entrusted to the Marseilles police department for less than 24 hours. But the wily crook convinces bumbling policeman Emilien he's a lowly Belgian embassy employee who got railroaded by the brilliant master criminal.
Title: Ben 10 Versus the Universe: The Movie | Genres: animation, action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: A blast from Ben's past returning to do double the damage on Team Tennyson and planet Earth itself, forcing Ben to go interstellar to save the day.
Title: Okja | Genres: adventure, drama, science fiction | Overview: A young girl named Mija risks everything to prevent a powerful, multi-national company from kidnapping her best friend - a massive animal named Okja.
Title: Logan Lucky | Genres: action, comedy, crime, drama | Overview: Trying to reverse a family curse, brothers Jimmy and Clyde Logan set out to execute an elaborate robbery during the legendary Coca-Cola 600 race at the Charlotte Motor Speedway.
Title: Step Brothers | Genres: comedy | Overview: Brennan Huff and Dale Doback might be grown men. But that doesn't stop them from living at home and turning into jealous, competitive stepbrothers when their single parents marry. Brennan's constant competition with Dale strains his mom's marriage to Dale's dad, leaving everyone to wonder whether they'll ever see eye to eye.
Title: Tempus Tormentum | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A drifter passing through a small town is drugged by three masked psychopaths and forced into a bizarre game of cat and mouse. He is chased through a series of more and more bizarre events until, in the end, he finds that this evening of terror has lasting consequences. It’s a feel bad film, nasty and brutish, red in tooth and claw.
Title: Paranormal Activity 4 | Genres: horror | Overview: It has been five years since the disappearance of Katie and Hunter, and a suburban family witness strange events in their neighborhood when a woman and a mysterious child move in.
Title: National Lampoon's Vacation | Genres: comedy, adventure | Overview: Clark Griswold is on a quest to take his family on a quest to Walley World theme park for a vacation, but things don't go exactly as planned.
"Title: Inherent Vice | Genres: drama, mystery, comedy | Overview: In Los Angeles at the turn of the 1970s, drug-fueled detective Larry ""Doc"" Sportello investigates the disappearance of an ex-girlfriend."
Title: Face/Off | Genres: action, crime, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Sean Archer, a very tough, rugged FBI Agent. Who is still grieving for his dead son Michael. Archer believes that his son's killer is his sworn enemy, a very powerful criminal, Castor Troy. One day, Archer has finally cornered Castor, however, their fight has knocked out Troy cold. As Archer finally breathes easy over the capture of his enemy, he finds out that Troy has planted a bomb that will destroy the entire city of Los Angeles and all of its inhabitants. Unfortunately the only other person who knows its location is Castor's brother Pollux, and he refuses to talk. The solution, a special operation doctor that can cut off people's faces, and can place a person's face onto another person. Archer undergoes one of those surgeries to talk to Pollux. However, Castor Troy somehow regains consciousness and now wants revenge on Archer for taking his face. Not only is Troy ruining Archer's mission, but his personal life as well. Archer must stop Troy again. This time, it's personal.
Title: Eight Below | Genres: adventure, drama, family | Overview: In the Antarctic, after an expedition with Dr. Davis McClaren, the sled dog trainer Jerry Shepherd has to leave the polar base with his colleagues due to the proximity of a heavy snow storm. He ties his dogs to be rescued after, but the mission is called-off and the dogs are left alone at their own fortune. For six months, Jerry tries to find a sponsor for a rescue mission.
Title: Arthur | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A drunken playboy stands to lose a wealthy inheritance when he falls for a woman that his family doesn't like.
Title: The Spy Who Loved Me | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: Russian and British submarines with nuclear missiles on board both vanish from sight without a trace. England and Russia both blame each other as James Bond tries to solve the riddle of the disappearing ships. But the KGB also has an agent on the case.
Title: Forgotten | Genres: thriller, mystery, drama, horror, crime | Overview: Seoul, South Korea, 1997. When the young but extremely anxious student Jin-seok, his parents and his successful older brother Yoo-seok move to a new home, mysterious and frightening events begin to happen around them, unexplained events that threaten to ruin their seemingly happy lives. Unable to understand what is happening, Jin-seok wonders if he is losing his mind.
"Title: Doraemon: Nobita's New Great Adventure Into the Underworld - The Seven Magic Users | Genres: family, adventure, animation | Overview: Nobita has changed the real world to a world of magic using the ""Moshimo Box"" in admiration of magic. One day, Nobita meets Chaplain Mangetsu, a magic researcher, and his daughter Miyoko. Nobita learns from them that the Great Satan of the Devildom Star is scheming to invade the Earth. The Chaplain tries to find a way out using ancient books, however, the Devildom Star rapidly approaches the Earth by the minute, causing earthquakes and abnormal weather conditions. Nobita, along with his friends, Doraemon, Shizuka, Suneo, Gaian and Dorami, together with Miyoko, storm into the Devildom Star, just like the ""Legendary Seven Heroes"" in an ancient book in order to confront the Great Satan and peace returns to the world of magic."
Title: Innerspace | Genres: action, comedy, science fiction | Overview: Test pilot Tuck Pendleton volunteers to test a special vessel for a miniaturization experiment. Accidentally injected into a neurotic hypochondriac, Jack Putter, Tuck must convince Jack to find his ex-girlfriend, Lydia Maxwell, to help him extract Tuck and his ship and re-enlarge them before his oxygen runs out.
Title: Gantz: Perfect Answer | Genres: action, mystery, science fiction, horror | Overview: Perfect Answer begins several months after the events of the first film. Kurono is still fighting aliens under the order of Gantz, a mysterious giant black orb, and he is close to reaching the score he needs to resurrect his friend Kato. Outside his night time missions, Kurono continues to live his normal life, spending time with his new girlfriend Tae. Meanwhile, young pop star Eriko is being secretly ordered by Gantz to carry out assassinations, and cop Shigeta inches closer towards finding out the truth about the Gantz missions. As the missions begin to get increasingly dangerous for both the alien fighters and the general public, Kurono discovers that the endgame for Gantz is quickly approaching.
Title: The Hunt for Red October | Genres: action, adventure, thriller | Overview: A new technologically-superior Soviet nuclear sub, the Red October, is heading for the U.S. coast under the command of Captain Marko Ramius. The American government thinks Ramius is planning to attack. A lone CIA analyst has a different idea: he thinks Ramius is planning to defect, but he has only a few hours to find him and prove it - because the entire Russian naval and air commands are trying to find him, too. The hunt is on!
Title: Scooby-Doo! Return to Zombie Island | Genres: animation, comedy, family, adventure | Overview: Scooby-Doo and his pals win an all-expense paid vacation and embark on a trip of a lifetime to a tropical paradise. Their destination however, turns out to be Zombie Island. As soon as they arrive, they realize the place looks strangely familiar and is reminiscent of a trip they took years ago, in which they became wrapped up in a mystery involving zombies. The gang soon learns that their trip to paradise comes with a price when the zombies re-emerge and attack their hotel. Will Scooby-Doo and the Mystery Inc. gang finally solve the mystery behind Zombie Island?
Title: Naruto x UT | Genres: animation | Overview: Naruto x UT is the eighth Naruto OVA. Approximately 200,000 copies of this OVA were distributed by Uniqlo to promote a line of Naruto-themed shirts designed by Masashi Kishimoto in conjunction with Studio Pierrot. It shows the aftermath between a fight between Naruto and Sasuke and shows clips of their times together and the story so far.
Title: Creepshow | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: Inspired by the E.C. comics of the 1950s, George A. Romero and Stephen King bring five tales of terror to the screen.
Title: The Breakfast Club | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Five high school students from different walks of life endure a Saturday detention under a power-hungry principal. The disparate group includes rebel John, princess Claire, outcast Allison, brainy Brian and Andrew, the jock. Each has a chance to tell his or her story, making the others see them a little differently -- and when the day ends, they question whether school will ever be the same.
Title: Stigmata | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A young woman with no strong religious beliefs, Frankie Paige begins having strange and violent experiences, showing signs of the wounds that Jesus received when crucified. When the Vatican gets word of Frankie's situation, a high-ranking cardinal requests that the Rev. Andrew Kiernan investigate her case. Soon Kiernan realizes that very sinister forces are at work, and tries to rescue Frankie from the entity that is plaguing her.
Title: Asterix & Obelix Take on Caesar | Genres: family, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Set in 50 B.C., Asterix and Obelix are living in a small but well-protected village in Gaul, where a magic potion concocted by Druids turns the townsfolk into mighty soldiers. When Roman troops carve a path through Gaul to reach the English Channel, Caesar and his aide de camp Detritus discover the secret elixir and capture the Druid leader who knows its formula, and Asterix and Obelix are sent off to rescue them.
Title: Burlesque | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The Burlesque Lounge has its best days behind it. Tess, a retired dancer and owner of the venue, struggles to keep the aging theater alive, facing all kinds of financial and artistic challenges. With the Lounge's troupe members becoming increasingly distracted by personal problems and a threat coming from a wealthy businessman's quest to buy the spot from Tess, the good fortune seems to have abandoned the club altogether. Meanwhile, the life of Ali, a small-town girl from Iowa, is about to change dramatically. Hired by Tess as a waitress at the Lounge, Ali escapes a hollow past and quickly falls in love with the art of burlesque. Backed by newfound friends amongst the theater's crew, she manages to fulfill her dreams of being on stage herself. Things take a dramatic turn though when Ali's big voice makes her become the main attraction of the venue.
Title: Spawn | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: After being murdered by corrupt colleagues in a covert government agency, Al Simmons makes a pact with the devil to be resurrected to see his beloved wife Wanda. In exchange for his return to Earth, Simmons agrees to lead Hell's Army in the destruction of mankind.
Title: Girl vs. Monster | Genres: family, comedy, science fiction, tv movie | Overview: Skylar finds out that her parents are monster hunters after she accidentally releases some monsters from a secret containment chamber; so she and her techno friends must recapture all the monsters and also save her mom and dad from these monsters who are out for revenge.
Title: Winter on Fire: Ukraine's Fight for Freedom | Genres: documentary | Overview: A documentary on the unrest in Ukraine during 2013 and 2014, as student demonstrations supporting European integration grew into a violent revolution calling for the resignation of President Viktor F. Yanukovich.
Title: Road Wars | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: After the earth’s water supply is depleted, the survivors form roving road gangs, armed to the teeth and desperate to find and protect water supplies. But when a new breed of blood-drinking humans emerges, the survivors must contend with a whole new threat to their existence.
Title: Planet Terror | Genres: horror, action, thriller | Overview: Two doctors find their graveyard shift inundated with townspeople ravaged by sores. Among the wounded is Cherry, a dancer whose leg was ripped from her body. As the invalids quickly become enraged aggressors, Cherry and her ex-boyfriend Wray lead a team of accidental warriors into the night.
Title: Shoot 'Em Up | Genres: action, thriller, comedy, crime | Overview: A man named Mr. Smith delivers a woman's baby during a shootout, and is then called upon to protect the newborn from the army of gunmen.
Title: Jack and the Cuckoo-Clock Heart | Genres: animation, romance, adventure, drama, fantasy | Overview: In Scotland 1874, Jack is born on the coldest day ever. Because of the extreme cold, his heart stops beating. The responsible midwife in Edinburgh finds a way to save him by replacing his heart with a clock. So he lives and remains under the midwife's protective care. But he must not get angry or excited because that endangers his life by causing his clock to stop working. Worse than that, when he grows up, he has to face the fact he cannot fall in love because that too could stop his delicate heart.
Title: Justice League vs. the Fatal Five | Genres: animation, action, science fiction | Overview: The Justice League faces a powerful new threat — the Fatal Five! Superman, Batman and Wonder Woman seek answers as the time-traveling trio of Mano, Persuader and Tharok terrorize Metropolis in search of budding Green Lantern, Jessica Cruz. With her unwilling help, they aim to free remaining Fatal Five members Emerald Empress and Validus to carry out their sinister plan. But the Justice League has also discovered an ally from another time in the peculiar Star Boy — brimming with volatile power, could he be the key to thwarting the Fatal Five? An epic battle against ultimate evil awaits!
Title: Reasonable Doubt | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: When up-and-coming District Attorney Mitch Brockden commits a fatal hit-and-run, he feels compelled to throw the case against the accused criminal who was found with the body and blamed for the crime. Following the trial, Mitch's worst fears come true when he realizes that he acquitted a guilty man, and he soon finds himself on the hunt for the killer before more victims pile up.
Title: Universal Soldier: Day of Reckoning | Genres: action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: After his wife and daughter are murdered in a home invasion, a widower named John now finds himself up against an army of Universal Soldiers in relentless pursuit, led by a mysterious leader who promises to set UniSols free from their conditioning.
Title: Taya | Genres: thriller | Overview: Sixto explores the dangerous world of online ending for his thesis and gets involved with Winona, Nieves and Nanette.
Title: Identity | Genres: mystery, thriller | Overview: Complete strangers stranded at a remote desert motel during a raging storm soon find themselves the target of a deranged murderer. As their numbers thin out, the travelers begin to turn on each other, as each tries to figure out who the killer is.
Title: Into the Woods | Genres: fantasy, comedy | Overview: In a woods filled with magic and fairy tale characters, a baker and his wife set out to end the curse put on them by their neighbor, a spiteful witch.
Title: The Baytown Outlaws | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: When three redneck brothers agree to help a woman save her son from an abusive father, they become targets on the run from an odd cast of characters.
Title: Jackass Number Two | Genres: action, comedy, documentary | Overview: Jackass Number Two is a compilation of various stunts, pranks and skits, and essentially has no plot. Chris Pontius, Johnny Knoxville, Steve-O, Bam Margera, and the whole crew return to the screen to raise the stakes higher than ever before.
Title: 47 Meters Down: Uncaged | Genres: horror, drama, adventure | Overview: Four teenage girls go on a diving adventure to explore a submerged Mayan city. Once inside, their rush of excitement turns into a jolt of terror as they discover the sunken ruins are a hunting ground for deadly great white sharks. With their air supply steadily dwindling, the friends must navigate the underwater labyrinth of claustrophobic caves and eerie tunnels in search of a way out of their watery hell.
Title: Krampus | Genres: horror, comedy, fantasy | Overview: When his dysfunctional family clashes over the holidays, young Max is disillusioned and turns his back on Christmas. Little does he know, this lack of festive spirit has unleashed the wrath of Krampus: a demonic force of ancient evil intent on punishing non-believers.
Title: Hostiles | Genres: western, drama, history | Overview: A legendary Native American-hating Army captain nearing retirement in 1892 is given one last assignment: to escort a Cheyenne chief and his family through dangerous territory back to his Montana reservation.
"Title: My Girlfriend's Boyfriend | Genres: comedy | Overview: When Ethan arrives at the airport just in time to declare his undying love for his girlfriend, love appears to have conquered all. The scene, however, is really the ending of Ethan's novel, which his agent calls ""unrealistic."" Ethan soon meets a waitress, Jesse, and falls in love with her despite her growing devotion to Troy, a charming businessman. But the line between reality and fiction becomes increasingly blurred."
Title: Honey 3: Dare to Dance | Genres: music, drama, family, romance | Overview: While attending college in Cape Town, Melea Martin feels constrained by the school's strict policies, and decides to set out on her own. Searching for a way to use her talents as a dancer and inspire the community around her, Melea rents a failing theater in order to put on a Hip-Hop Romeo and Juliet performance. But much like the Capulets and Montagues, conflicts between cast members threaten to bring the whole performance to a halt...
"Title: I Know What You Did Last Summer | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: As they celebrate their high school graduation, four friends are involved in a hit-and-run accident when their car hits and apparently kills a pedestrian on an isolated roadway. They dispose of the body and vow to keep the incident a secret, a year later somebody starts sending them letters bearing the warning ""I Know What You Did Last Summer""."
Title: Crank | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: Chev Chelios, a hit man wanting to go straight, lets his latest target slip away. Then he awakes the next morning to a phone call that informs him he has been poisoned and has only an hour to live unless he keeps adrenaline coursing through his body while he searches for an antidote.
"Title: One Piece: Chopper's Kingdom on the Island of Strange Animals | Genres: action, animation, adventure | Overview: As the Straw Hat Pirates sail through the Grand Line.A line of geysers erupted from under the Going Merry. And the whole crew find themselves flying over the island. Unfortunatly, Chopper fell off the ship and was separated from his friends. Luffy and the others landed on the other side of the island. Chopper meanwhile finds himself being worshiped as the island's new king by the animals. To make matters worse, a trio of human ""horn"" hunters are on the island. The leader, Count Butler is a violin playing/horn eating human who wants to eat the island's treasure to inherit immense power. Will Luffy & the rest be able to prevent the count from terrorizing the island? And will they be able to convince Momambi that not all pirates are bad?"
Title: Epic Movie | Genres: comedy, action, adventure | Overview: When Edward, Peter, Lucy and Susan each follow their own path, they end up finding themselves at Willy's Chocolate factory. Walking through a wardrobe, they discover the world of Gnarnia, which is ruled by the White Bitch. Meeting up with characters such as Harry Potter and Captain Jack Swallows, the newly reunited family must team up with Aslo, a wise-but-horny lion to stop the white bitch's army.
Title: Citizen Kane | Genres: mystery, drama | Overview: Newspaper magnate, Charles Foster Kane is taken from his mother as a boy and made the ward of a rich industrialist. As a result, every well-meaning, tyrannical or self-destructive move he makes for the rest of his life appears in some way to be a reaction to that deeply wounding event.
Title: Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children | Genres: animation, action, adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Two years have passed since the final battle with Sephiroth. Though Midgar, city of mako, city of prosperity, has been reduced to ruins, its people slowly but steadily walk the road to reconstruction. However, a mysterious illness called Geostigma torments them. With no cure in sight, it brings death to the afflicted, one after another, robbing the people of their fledgling hope.
Title: Fantomas vs. Scotland Yard | Genres: comedy, crime, adventure, fantasy | Overview: In the third and final episode of the trilogy, Fantômas imposes a head tax on the rich, threatening to kill those who do not comply.
Title: Hero | Genres: drama, adventure, action, history | Overview: One man defeated three assassins who sought to murder the most powerful warlord in pre-unified China.
Title: A Million Ways to Die in the West | Genres: comedy, western | Overview: As a cowardly farmer begins to fall for the mysterious new woman in town, he must put his new-found courage to the test when her husband, a notorious gun-slinger, announces his arrival.
Title: Out Of My League | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Marta may be an orphan, and she may be affected by a lethal illness, yet she is the most positive person one can meet. She wants a boy to fall for her. Not any boy - the most handsome of them all. One day, she may have found her match.
Title: Adrift | Genres: thriller, romance, adventure | Overview: A true story of survival, as a young couple's chance encounter leads them first to love, and then on the adventure of a lifetime as they face one of the most catastrophic hurricanes in recorded history.
Title: The Number 23 | Genres: thriller, drama, mystery | Overview: Walter Sparrow is an animal control officer that becomes obsessed with a mysterious book that seems to be based on his own life. As soon as he opens the book, he notices strange parallels between what he reads and what he's experienced. But now he's worried that a fictional murder might materialize.
Title: Danger Close: The Battle of Long Tan | Genres: war, action, drama, history | Overview: Vietnam War, 1966. Australia and New Zealand send troops to support the United States and South Vietnamese in their fight against the communist North. Soldiers are very young men, recruits and volunteers who have never been involved in a combat. On August 18th, members of Delta Company will face the true horror of a ruthless battle among the trees of a rubber plantation called Long Tân. They are barely a hundred. The enemy is a human wave ready to destroy them.
Title: Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2 | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Puppy mayhem turns the lives of newlywed Chihuahua parents Papi and Chloe upside down when their rambunctious, mischievous puppies present one challenge after another. But when their human owners end up in trouble, the tiny pups will stop at nothing to save them - because in good times and hard times, the family always sticks together. So Papi, Chloe and the puppies embark on a heroic adventure, proving once again that big heroes come in small packages.
Title: The Abyss | Genres: adventure, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: A civilian oil rig crew is recruited to conduct a search and rescue effort when a nuclear submarine mysteriously sinks. One diver soon finds himself on a spectacular odyssey 25,000 feet below the ocean's surface where he confronts a mysterious force that has the power to change the world or destroy it.
Title: Josee, the Tiger and the Fish | Genres: animation, drama, romance | Overview: With dreams of diving abroad, Tsuneo gets a job assisting Josee, an artist whose imagination takes her far beyond her wheelchair. But when the tide turns against them, they push each other to places they never thought possible, and inspire a love fit for a storybook.
Title: Concussion | Genres: drama, history | Overview: A dramatic thriller based on the incredible true David vs. Goliath story of American immigrant Dr. Bennet Omalu, the brilliant forensic neuropathologist who made the first discovery of CTE, a football-related brain trauma, in a pro player and fought for the truth to be known. Omalu's emotional quest puts him at dangerous odds with one of the most powerful institutions in the world.
Title: Flight | Genres: drama | Overview: Commercial airline pilot Whip Whitaker has a problem with drugs and alcohol, though so far he's managed to complete his flights safely. His luck runs out when a disastrous mechanical malfunction sends his plane hurtling toward the ground. Whip pulls off a miraculous crash-landing that results in only six lives lost. Shaken to the core, Whip vows to get sober -- but when the crash investigation exposes his addiction, he finds himself in an even worse situation.
Title: Escape Room | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Six friends test their intelligence in a game that takes a dark turn.
Title: The X Files | Genres: mystery, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Mulder and Scully, now taken off the FBI's X Files cases, must find a way to fight the shadowy elements of the government to find out the truth about a conspiracy that might mean the alien colonization of Earth.
Title: The Founder | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The true story of how Ray Kroc, a salesman from Illinois, met Mac and Dick McDonald, who were running a burger operation in 1950s Southern California. Kroc was impressed by the brothers’ speedy system of making the food and saw franchise potential. He maneuvered himself into a position to be able to pull the company from the brothers and create a billion-dollar empire.
Title: Blue Miracle | Genres: adventure, drama, family | Overview: To save their cash-strapped orphanage, a guardian and his kids partner with a washed-up boat captain for a chance to win a lucrative fishing competition.
Title: Don't Be Afraid of the Dark | Genres: fantasy, horror, thriller | Overview: A young girl sent to live with her father and his new girlfriend discovers creatures in her new home who want to claim her as one of their own.
Title: Footloose | Genres: drama, music, romance | Overview: Ren MacCormack is transplanted from Boston to the small southern town of Bomont where loud music and dancing are prohibited. Not one to bow to the status quo, Ren challenges the ban, revitalizing the town and falling in love with the minister’s troubled daughter Ariel in the process.
Title: Lightyear | Genres: animation, science fiction, adventure, action, drama | Overview: The definitive origin story of Buzz Lightyear—the hero who inspired the toy—introducing the legendary Space Ranger who would win generations of fans.
Title: Feel the Beat | Genres: comedy, music, drama | Overview: After failing to make it on Broadway, April returns to her hometown and reluctantly begins training a misfit group of young dancers for a competition.
Title: Minority Report | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction, mystery | Overview: John Anderton is a top 'Precrime' cop in the late-21st century, when technology can predict crimes before they're committed. But Anderton becomes the quarry when another investigator targets him for a murder charge.
Title: Fading Petals | Genres: drama | Overview: The paths of two solitary figures cross when a Young Woman (Charlotte Reidie) arrives to aid a sickly Old Woman (Melanie Revill). After a hostile first encounter and despite misgivings from both, the two slowly open up to one another. But their affinity is short lived when events culminate as unforgiving words are spoken and buried memories resurface. The Old Woman struggles to accept the absence of the Young Woman and is haunted by her memory. A series of truths manifest themselves as the pair learn that they are much more alike than they think.
Title: V/H/S/94 | Genres: horror | Overview: A mysterious VHS tape leads a police S.W.A.T. team to the discovery of a sinister cult whose collection of pre-recorded material reveals a nightmarish conspiracy.
Title: Hellraiser: Hellworld | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Pinhead returns to terrorize computer hackers who have opened a virtual Lament Configuration on the website Hellworld.com.
Title: King Kong | Genres: adventure, horror, science fiction | Overview: Adventurous filmmaker, Carl Denham, sets out to produce a motion picture unlike anything the world has seen before. Alongside his leading lady Ann Darrow and his first mate Jack Driscoll, they arrive on an island and discover a legendary creature said to be neither beast nor man. Denham captures the monster to displayed on Broadway as Kong, the eighth wonder of the world.
Title: Shorts | Genres: family, fantasy, comedy | Overview: A young boy's discovery of a colorful, wish-granting rock causes chaos in the suburban town of Black Falls when jealous kids and scheming adults alike set out to get their hands on it.
Title: A Prayer Before Dawn | Genres: drama, action, crime | Overview: The true story of Billy Moore, an English boxer incarcerated in Thailand's most notorious prison. Thrown into a world of drugs and violence, he finds his best chance to escape is to fight his way out in Muay Thai tournaments.
Title: Scooby-Doo! Abracadabra-Doo | Genres: animation, comedy, family, mystery, fantasy | Overview: The gang goes on a trip to check on Velma's younger sister, Madelyn. She's been studying stage magic at the Whirlen Merlin Magic Academy, where apparently there have been sightings of a giant griffin. The gang decides to investigate.
Title: Let Me Eat Your Pancreas | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: I (Takumi Kitamura) am a high school student. I happen to find a diary by my classmate Sakura Yamauchi (Minami Hamabe) that reveals she is suffering from a pancreatic disease. I spent time with Sakura, but she dies. 12 years later, due to Sakura’s words, I (Shun Oguri) am now a high school teacher at the same school where I graduated from. While I talk with my student, I remember several months I spent with Sakura. Meanwhile, Kyoko (Keiko Kitagawa), who was Sakura’s friend, is soon to marry. Kyoko also recalls the days she spent with me and Sakura.
"Title: American Ninja 2: The Confrontation | Genres: action | Overview: On a remote Caribbean island, Army Ranger Joe Armstrong saves an old friend from the clutches of ""The Lion"", an evil super-criminal who has kidnapped a local scientist and mass-produced an army of mutant Ninja warriors."
Title: Bitter Moon | Genres: thriller, drama, romance | Overview: A passenger on a cruise ship develops an irresistible infatuation with an eccentric paraplegic's wife.
Title: Priest | Genres: horror, action, thriller | Overview: In an alternate world, humanity and vampires have warred for centuries. After the last Vampire War, the veteran Warrior Priest lives in obscurity with other humans inside one of the Church's walled cities. When the Priest's niece is kidnapped by vampires, the Priest breaks his vows to hunt them down. He is accompanied by the niece's boyfriend, who is a wasteland sheriff, and a former Warrior Priestess.
"Title: Beethoven | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: The Newton family live in their comfortable home, but there seems to something missing. This ""hole"" is filled by a small puppy, who walks into their home and their lives. Beethoven, as he is named, grows into a giant of a dog... a St Bernard. Doctor Varnick, the local vet has a secret and horrible sideline, which requires lots of dogs for experiments. Beethoven is on the bad doctor's list."
Title: All the Money in the World | Genres: thriller, drama, crime, mystery, history | Overview: The story of the kidnapping of 16-year-old John Paul Getty III and the desperate attempt by his devoted mother to convince his billionaire grandfather Jean Paul Getty to pay the ransom.
Title: Beyond the Reach | Genres: thriller | Overview: A high-rolling corporate shark and his impoverished young guide play the most dangerous game during a hunting trip in the Mojave Desert.
Title: The Hobbit | Genres: family, fantasy, animation, adventure, tv movie | Overview: Bilbo Baggins the Hobbit was just minding his own business, when his occasional visitor Gandalf the Wizard drops in one night. One by one, a whole group of dwarves drop in, and before he knows it, Bilbo has joined their quest to reclaim their kingdom, taken from them by the evil dragon Smaug. The only problem is that Gandalf has told the dwarves that Bilbo is an expert burglar, but he isn't...
Title: Hot Shots! | Genres: action, comedy, war | Overview: Recruited to join a top-secret mission for the Air Force, a renegade pilot finds himself coping with an incompetent admiral and a carefully selected squadron of flyers who are either inept or half-blind.
Title: High School Musical 2 | Genres: comedy, drama, family, music, romance, tv movie | Overview: The East High Wildcats are gearing up for big fun as they land the coolest summer jobs imaginable. Troy, Gabriella, Chad, and Taylor have scored sweet gigs at the Lava Springs Country Club owned by Sharpay and Ryan's family. Sharpay's first rule of business: Get Troy. As Troy experiences a life of privilege he's never known, will he give up the Wildcats and Gabriella to rise to the top?
Title: The Village | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: When a willful young man tries to venture beyond his sequestered Pennsylvania hamlet, his actions set off a chain of chilling incidents that will alter the community forever.
Title: The Mist | Genres: horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: After a violent storm, a dense cloud of mist envelops a small Maine town, trapping artist David Drayton and his five-year-old son in a local grocery store with other people. They soon discover that the mist conceals deadly horrors that threaten their lives, and worse, their sanity.
Title: Teen Wolf | Genres: comedy, fantasy, romance | Overview: When a shy teenager's new-found powers help him score at basketball - and with the popular girls - he has some pretty hairy decisions to make.
Title: Hal | Genres: animation, romance | Overview: Kurumi’s heart was broken by the sudden death of her boyfriend in a tragic airplane accident. By melding futuristic technology with the binary equivalent of human emotion, a brilliant scientist created an ultra-lifelike robotic surrogate to take Hal’s place – and lure Kurumi from her shroud of solitude.
Title: Twitches | Genres: comedy, drama, family, fantasy, tv movie | Overview: Twins separated at birth, Camryn and Alex meet by chance for the first time on their 21st birthday and discover they're witches with the power to save their homeland of Coventry from the evil that threatens it. But when Camryn leaves Alex to face the darkness alone, will Coventry be doomed? Or will the sisters multiply their magic by standing together?
"Title: Hellraiser: Inferno | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: A shady police detective becomes embroiled in a strange world of murder, sadism and madness after being assigned a murder investigation against a madman known only as ""The Engineer""."
Title: 24 Hours to Live | Genres: action, science fiction, thriller, mystery | Overview: An assassin seeks redemption after being given a second chance at life.
Title: Frivolous Lola | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: The story takes place in northern Italy in the 1950's. Lola and Masetto are about to get married. Masetto wants to keep Lola as a virgin until they are married. But Lola is impatient to remain in chastity until the wedding night. She wants to be sure that Masetto is a good lover, before she commits herself into marriage. She does everything to trick Masetto into breaking the moral tradition.
Title: Future World | Genres: science fiction | Overview: A young boy searches a future world wasteland for a rumored cure for his dying mother.
Title: Hidalgo | Genres: western, adventure, action | Overview: Set in 1890, this is the story of a Pony Express courier who travels to Arabia to compete with his horse, Hidalgo, in a dangerous race for a massive contest prize, in an adventure that sends the pair around the world...
Title: Son of a Gun | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Locked up for a minor crime, 19 year old JR quickly learns the harsh realities of prison life. Protection, if you can get it, is paramount. JR soon finds himself under the watchful eye of Australia's most notorious criminal, Brendan Lynch, but protection comes at a price.
Title: A.I. Rising | Genres: science fiction, drama, romance | Overview: On a lonely mission to Alpha Centauri, Milutin is teamed up with Nimani 1345, a female cyborg designed to fulfill his every need. At first thrilled to be able to control her, Sebastian grows tired of having his desires fulfilled so easily. Longing for human intimacy, Sebastian alters Nimani's programmed responses, but in doing so he risks the mission's security — and his own life.
Title: The Wailer | Genres: horror | Overview: On their way to Mexico, six students are stranded in a small town where years before a tragedy took place.
Title: Eliminators | Genres: action | Overview: A former US Federal Agent must abandon the witness protection program and come out of hiding when his London home is invaded in error due to a wrong address. When the event ends with multiple homicides, the news triggers those hunting him to send Europe's most dangerous assassin to kill him. Now on the run with his daughters life in jeopardy, a determined father must get her to safety before the people he's been hiding from tracks him down.
Title: Typhoon Noruda | Genres: science fiction, animation | Overview: As an unexpected typhoon bears down on a small tropical island, a group of students trapped at school find themselves forced to put aside their personal issues and work together. Not only to save themselves, but possibly the lives of everyone on the planet!
Title: My Octopus Teacher | Genres: documentary | Overview: After years of swimming every day in the freezing ocean at the tip of Africa, Craig Foster meets an unlikely teacher: a young octopus who displays remarkable curiosity. Visiting her den and tracking her movements for months on end he eventually wins the animal’s trust and they develop a never-before-seen bond between human and wild animal.
Title: Swamp Thing | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: Dr. Alec Holland, hidden away in the depths of a murky swamp, is trying to create a new species - a combination of animal and plant capable of adapting and thriving in the harshest conditions. Unfortunately he becomes subject of his own creation and is transformed. Arcane, desperate for the formula, attempts to capture the Swamp Thing. An explosive chase ensues that ultimately ends with a confrontation between Holland and a changed Arcane...
"Title: Strike Witches the Movie | Genres: animation, action, fantasy | Overview: The year is 1939 - it was then that the Neuroi appeared. Nobody knows where they came from or what their ultimate agenda is, but the fact remains that their attacks drove people out of their towns and cities. In order to take arms against them, humanity develops a new anti-Neuroi weapon called the ""Striker Unit."" Using the power of magic to fight against the monsters, this new device enhances and amplifies the power of female magic-wielders. To use this device, young witches from all over the world have been brought together to form an elite task force unit called the 501st Joint Fighter Wing, commonly known as the ""Strike Witches."""
Title: Pandorum | Genres: action, horror, mystery, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Two crew members wake up on an abandoned spacecraft with no idea who they are, how long they've been asleep, or what their mission is. The two soon discover they're actually not alone – and the reality of their situation is more horrifying than they could have imagined.
Title: 30 Miles from Nowhere | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: When five college pals return to rural Wisconsin for their estranged friend's funeral, what begins as an uneasy reunion becomes a terrifying fight for survival.
Title: Elektra | Genres: action, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Elektra the warrior survives a near-death experience, becomes an assassin-for-hire, and tries to protect her two latest targets, a single father and his young daughter, from a group of supernatural assassins.
Title: Hoodlum | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: In 1934, the second most lucrative business in New York City was running 'the numbers'. When Madam Queen—the powerful woman who runs the scam in Harlem—is arrested, Ellsworth 'Bumpy' Johnson takes over the business and must resist an invasion from a merciless mobster.
Title: Dr. Strangelove | Genres: drama, comedy, war | Overview: After the insane General Jack D. Ripper initiates a nuclear strike on the Soviet Union, a war room full of politicians, generals and a Russian diplomat all frantically try to stop the nuclear strike.
Title: Permis de construire | Genres: comedy | Overview: When his father passes away, a dentist in Paris inherits a plot and the will to build a house on it. The situation becomes tricky when he learns the plot is located in Corsica.
Title: The Adjustment Bureau | Genres: science fiction, thriller, romance | Overview: A man glimpses the future Fate has planned for him – and chooses to fight for his own destiny. Battling the powerful Adjustment Bureau across, under and through the streets of New York, he risks his destined greatness to be with the only woman he's ever loved.
"Title: The Little Vampire 3D | Genres: comedy, animation, family, fantasy | Overview: Tony, a thirteen-year-old boy on vacation in rural Germany, is fascinated by the idea of vampires. Meanwhile Rudolph, a vampire of ""similar"" age (313!), encounters trouble when his clan is threatened by a dangerously obsessed hunter. Fate brings these two boys together, as Tony & Rudolph set off an action-packed battle to stop the villain, save Rudolph's family and learn the power of friendship."
Title: Tarzan & Jane | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Sprightly amusement for kids of all ages, Disney's direct-to-video sequel to its animated hit sandwiches jungle derring-do and lots of silly sight gags between song and dance number. With the first anniversary of her wedding to Tarzan (voice of Michael T. Weiss) beckoning, Jane (Olivia D'Abo) ponders how to make it the perfect English celebration
Title: The Villainess | Genres: drama, action | Overview: A young girl is raised as a killer in the Yanbian province of China. She hides her identity and travels to South Korea where she hopes to lead a quiet life but becomes involved with two mysterious men.
Title: The Tale of The Princess Kaguya | Genres: animation, drama, fantasy | Overview: Found inside a shining stalk of bamboo by an old bamboo cutter and his wife, a tiny girl grows rapidly into an exquisite young lady. The mysterious young princess enthrals all who encounter her. But, ultimately, she must confront her fate, the punishment for her crime.
Title: StarDog and TurboCat | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: When vigilante cat, Felix, and loyal canine, Buddy, set out to find Buddy’s lost owner, they discover not only the power of friendship, but their inner superpowers along the way.
Title: Jarhead | Genres: drama, war | Overview: Jarhead is a film about a US Marine Anthony Swofford’s experience in the Gulf War. After putting up with an arduous boot camp, Swofford and his unit are sent to the Persian Gulf where they are eager to fight, but are forced to stay back from the action. Swofford struggles with the possibility of his girlfriend cheating on him, and as his mental state deteriorates, his desire to kill increases.
Title: Clean | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Tormented by a past life, garbage man Clean attempts a life of quiet redemption. But when his good intentions mark him a target of a local crime boss, Clean is forced to reconcile with the violence of his past
Title: Raise the Red Lantern | Genres: drama | Overview: China in the 1920s. After her father's death, 19 year old Songlian is forced to marry the much older lord of a powerful family. With three wives already, each living in a separate house within the great castle, there is fierce competition for his attention and the privileges that are gained. This competition gets out of hand...
Title: The Wailing | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: A stranger arrives in a little village and soon after a mysterious sickness starts spreading. A policeman is drawn into the incident and is forced to solve the mystery in order to save his daughter.
Title: Payback | Genres: crime, action, drama | Overview: With friends like these, who needs enemies? That's the question bad guy Porter is left asking after his wife and partner steal his heist money and leave him for dead -- or so they think. Five months and an endless reservoir of bitterness later, Porter's partners and the crooked cops on his tail learn how bad payback can be.
Title: Little Nicky | Genres: comedy, fantasy, romance, horror | Overview: After the lord of darkness decides he will not cede his throne to any of his three sons, the two most powerful of them escape to Earth to create a kingdom for themselves. This action closes the portal filtering sinful souls to Hell and causes Satan to wither away. He must send his most weak but beloved son, Little Nicky, to Earth to return his brothers to Hell.
Title: TMNT | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: After the defeat of their old arch nemesis, The Shredder, the Turtles have grown apart as a family. Struggling to keep them together, their rat sensei, Splinter, becomes worried when strange things begin to brew in New York City.
Title: Mannequin | Genres: fantasy, comedy, romance | Overview: Jonathan Switcher, an unemployed artist, finds a job as an assistant window dresser for a department store. When Jonathan happens upon a beautiful mannequin he previously designed, she springs to life and introduces herself as Emmy, an Egyptian under an ancient spell. Despite interference from the store's devious manager, Jonathan and his mannequin fall in love while creating eye-catching window displays to keep the struggling store in business.
Title: Triple 9 | Genres: action, thriller, mystery | Overview: A gang of criminals and corrupt cops plan the murder of a police officer in order to pull off their biggest heist yet across town.
Title: Asterix & Obelix: Mission Cleopatra | Genres: family, fantasy, comedy, adventure | Overview: The Egyptian Queen Cleopatra bets against the Roman Emperor, Julius Caesar, that her people are still great, even if the times of the Pharaohs has long passed. She vows (against all logic) to build a new palace for Caesar within three months. Since all her architects are either busy otherwise or too conservative in style, this ambivalent honor falls to Edifis. He is to build the palace and be covered in gold or, if not, his fate is to be eaten by crocodiles. Edifis calls upon an old friend to help him out: The fabulous Druid Getafix from Gaul, who brews a fantastic potion that gives supernatural strength. In order to help and protect the old Druid, Asterix and Obelix accompany him on his journey to Egypt. When Julius Caesar gets wind of the project succeeding, he has the building site attacked by his troops in order to win the bet and not lose face. But just like the local pirates, he hasn't counted on Asterix and Obelix.
Title: Surf's Up | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Cody is a surfing penguin from Shiverpool who dreams of making it big and being like his idol Big Z. On his journey, he discovers his talents are not all he thinks they are, and he must learn to accept that there is more to surfing than fame and fortune.
Title: Colossal | Genres: drama, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: A woman discovers that severe catastrophic events are somehow connected to the mental breakdown from which she's suffering.
Title: White Fang | Genres: animation, family | Overview: A loyal wolfdog’s curiosity leads him on the adventure of a lifetime while serving a series of three distinctly different masters.
Title: Dinner for Schmucks | Genres: comedy | Overview: Rising executive Tim Conrad works for a boss who hosts a monthly dinner in which the guest who brings the biggest buffoon gets a career-boost. Tim plans on not attending until he meets Barry, a man who builds dioramas using stuffed mice. Barry's blundering but good intentions send Tim's life into a downward spiral, threatening a major business deal and possibly scuttling Tim's engagement to his fiancee.
Title: The Swan Princess: A Royal Wedding | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: Princess Odette and Prince Derek are going to a wedding at Princess Mei Li and her beloved Chen. But evil forces are at stake and the wedding plans are tarnished and true love has difficult conditions.
"Title: Mercury Rising | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Renegade FBI agent Art Jeffries protects a nine-year-old autistic boy who has cracked the government's new ""unbreakable"" code."
Title: The Bucket List | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Corporate billionaire Edward Cole and working class mechanic Carter Chambers are worlds apart. At a crossroads in their lives, they share a hospital room and discover they have two things in common: a desire to spend the time they have left doing everything they ever wanted to do and an unrealized need to come to terms with who they are. Together they embark on the road trip of a lifetime, becoming friends along the way and learning to live life to the fullest, with insight and humor.
Title: Skinwalkers | Genres: fantasy, action, horror | Overview: Creatures, bound by the blood of the wolf, that can kill with curses and move at lightening speed, watching the night sky for the rise of the blood-red crescent moon. They are SKINWALKERS. They feed on our flesh and thirst for the taste of human blood. The red moon signals each pack, divided by principles, hell bent to survive an ancient prophecy.
Title: Lake Placid vs. Anaconda | Genres: action, horror | Overview: A giant alligator goes head to head with a giant Anaconda. The town sheriff must find a way to destroy the two monsters before they kill the whole town.
Title: Doom | Genres: action, horror, science fiction | Overview: A team of space marines known as the Rapid Response Tactical Squad, led by Sarge, is sent to a science facility on Mars after somebody reports a security breach. There, they learn that the alert came after a test subject, a mass murderer purposefully injected with alien DNA, broke free and began killing people. Dr. Grimm, who is related to team member Reaper, informs them all that the chromosome can mutate humans into monsters -- and is highly infectious.
Title: Psychic Kusuo | Genres: comedy | Overview: To the average person, psychic abilities might seem a blessing; for Kusuo Saiki, however, this couldn't be further from the truth. Gifted with a wide assortment of supernatural abilities ranging from telepathy to x-ray vision, he finds this so-called blessing to be nothing but a curse. As all the inconveniences his powers cause constantly pile up, all Kusuo aims for is an ordinary, hassle-free life—a life where ignorance is bliss. Unfortunately, the life of a psychic is far from quiet. Though Kusuo tries to stay out of the spotlight by keeping his powers a secret from his classmates, he ends up inadvertently attracting the attention of many odd characters, such as the empty-headed Riki Nendō and the delusional Shun Kaidō. Forced to deal with the craziness of the people around him, Kusuo comes to learn that the ordinary life he has been striving for is a lot more difficult to achieve than expected.
Title: Teen Titans: Trouble in Tokyo | Genres: action, animation, family, science fiction, tv movie | Overview: America's coolest heroes, the Teen Titans, go to Tokyo to track down the mysterious Japanese criminal Brushogun.
Title: Sex, Lies, and Videotape | Genres: drama | Overview: A sexually repressed woman's husband is having an affair with her sister. The arrival of a visitor with a rather unusual fetish changes everything.
Title: Just Once | Genres: drama | Overview: Laura, a specialized psychologist in sexist violence, receives the couple composed by Eva and Pablo when he is reported for abuse, at the same time that she suffers the consequences of trying to protect women from abusers.
Title: To the Bone | Genres: drama | Overview: A young woman dealing with anorexia meets an unconventional doctor who challenges her to face her condition and embrace life.
Title: Pete's Dragon | Genres: fantasy, animation, comedy, family | Overview: Pete, a young orphan, runs away to a Maine fishing town with his best friend a lovable, sometimes invisible dragon named Elliott! When they are taken in by a kind lighthouse keeper, Nora, and her father, Elliott's prank playing lands them in big trouble. Then, when crooked salesmen try to capture Elliott for their own gain, Pete must attempt a daring rescue.
Title: Hoodwinked! | Genres: animation, comedy, family, crime | Overview: Little Red Riding Hood: A classic story, but there's more to every tale than meets the eye. Before you judge a book by its cover, you've got to flip through the pages. In the re-telling of this classic fable, the story begins at the end of the tale and winds its way back. Chief Grizzly and Detective Bill Stork investigate a domestic disturbance at Granny's cottage, involving a karate-kicking Red Riding Hood, a sarcastic wolf and an oafish Woodsman.
Title: Horizon Line | Genres: thriller | Overview: A couple flying on a small plane to attend a tropical island wedding must fight for their lives after their pilot suffers a heart attack.
Title: The Alamo | Genres: western | Overview: The legendary true story of a small band of soldiers who sacrificed their lives in hopeless combat against a massive army in order to prevent a tyrant from smashing the new Republic of Texas.
Title: Christine | Genres: horror | Overview: Geeky student Arnie Cunningham falls for Christine, a rusty 1958 Plymouth Fury, and becomes obsessed with restoring the classic automobile to her former glory. As the car changes, so does Arnie, whose newfound confidence turns to arrogance behind the wheel of his exotic beauty. Arnie's girlfriend Leigh and best friend Dennis reach out to him, only to be met by a Fury like no other.
Title: The Bank Job | Genres: thriller, crime, drama | Overview: Terry is a small-time car dealer trying to leave his shady past behind and start a family. Martine is a beautiful model from Terry's old neighbourhood who knows that Terry is no angel. When Martine proposes a foolproof plan to rob a bank, Terry recognises the danger but realises this may be the opportunity of a lifetime. As the resourceful band of thieves burrows its way into a safe-deposit vault at a Lloyds Bank, they quickly realise that, besides millions in riches, the boxes also contain secrets that implicate everyone from London's most notorious underworld gangsters to powerful government figures, and even the Royal Family. Although the heist makes headlines throughout Britain for several days, a government gag order eventually brings all reporting of the case to an immediate halt.
Title: The Lovers | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, romance | Overview: The Lovers is an epic romance time travel adventure film. Helmed by Roland Joffé from a story by Ajey Jhankar, the film is a sweeping tale of an impossible love set against the backdrop of the first Anglo-Maratha war across two time periods and continents and centred around four characters — a British officer in 18th century colonial India, the Indian woman he falls deeply in love with, an American present-day marine biologist and his wife.
Title: Legend of the Guardians: The Owls of Ga'Hoole | Genres: animation, adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: Soren, a young barn owl, is kidnapped by owls of St. Aggie's, ostensibly an orphanage, where owlets are brainwashed into becoming soldiers. He and his new friends escape to the island of Ga'Hoole, to assist its noble, wise owls who fight the army being created by the wicked rulers of St. Aggie's. The film is based on the first three books in the series.
Title: The Grudge 2 | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A young woman encounters a malevolent supernatural force while searching for her missing sister in Tokyo, a mean high school prank goes horribly wrong, and strange things begin happening in a Chicago apartment building.
Title: Grand Isle | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: Walter and his neglected wife lure a young man into their Victorian home to escape a hurricane. When the man is charged with murder by Det. Jones, he must reveal the couple's wicked secrets to save himself.
Title: Cyborg | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: A martial artist hunts a killer in a plague-infested urban dump of the future.
Title: All Things Fair | Genres: drama, romance, war | Overview: Stig is a 15-year-old pupil of 37-year-old teacher Viola. He is attracted by her beauty and maturity while she is drawn to him by his youth and innocence, a godsent relief from her drunk and miserable husband.
Title: Mr. Six | Genres: crime, action, drama | Overview: Many years ago Mr. Six was a notorious gangster. That was back when there was still such a thing as honour among thieves, when criminals earned respect and maintained principles. These days Mr. Six is all but forgotten, a living relic residing in a narrow alley. One day Six's son, Xiaobo, is abducted by some spoiled punks after he scratches their precious Ferrari. Mr. Six realizes that he must do whatever it takes to get his son back — even if that means returning to the life he thought he had left behind.
Title: Paw Patrol: Ready, Race, Rescue! | Genres: animation, family | Overview: It’s the Adventure Bay 500! The pups have built an awesome race track and are ready to be the pit crew for their race hero, The Whoosh! But when the legendary racer is unable to drive in the championship race, he calls on his biggest fan-pup Marshall to take the wheel and race in his place! Marshall has to overcome his lack of confidence and his dastardly competition, The Cheetah, to fulfill his dream of becoming the fastest race-pup ever!
"Title: Riley's First Date? | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Riley, now 12, who is hanging out with her parents at home when potential trouble comes knocking. Mom's and Dad's Emotions find themselves forced to deal with Riley going on her first ""date."""
Title: The Reader | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The story of Michael Berg, a German lawyer who, as a teenager in the late 1950s, had an affair with an older woman, Hanna, who then disappeared only to resurface years later as one of the defendants in a war crimes trial stemming from her actions as a concentration camp guard late in the war. He alone realizes that Hanna is illiterate and may be concealing that fact at the expense of her freedom.
Title: Mirror Mirror | Genres: adventure, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: After she spends all her money, an evil enchantress queen schemes to marry a handsome, wealthy prince. There's just one problem - he's in love with a beautiful princess, Snow White. Now, joined by seven rebellious dwarves, Snow White launches an epic battle of good vs. evil...
Title: Hot Bot | Genres: comedy, science fiction | Overview: Hot Bot is the hilarious journey of two sexually repressed and unpopular teenage geeks who accidentally discover a life-like super-model sex bot.
Title: The House of Magic | Genres: family, fantasy, animation, adventure | Overview: Thunder, an abandoned young cat seeking shelter from a storm, stumbles into the strangest house imaginable, owned by an old magician and inhabited by a dazzling array of automatons and gizmos. Not everyone welcomes the new addition to the troupe as Jack Rabbit and Maggie Mouse plot to evict Thunder. The situation gets worse when the magician lands in hospital and his scheming nephew sees his chance to cash in by selling the mansion. Our young hero is determined to earn his place and so he enlists the help of some wacky magician's assistants to protect his magical new home.
Title: A Bad Moms Christmas | Genres: comedy | Overview: Amy, Kiki and Carla – three under-appreciated and over-burdened women – rebel against the challenges and expectations of the Super Bowl for mothers: Christmas. And if creating a more perfect holiday for their families wasn’t hard enough, they have to do all of that while hosting and entertaining their own mothers.
Title: American Hustle | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: A conman and his seductive partner are forced to work for a wild FBI agent, who pushes them into a world of Jersey power-brokers and the Mafia.
Title: JLA Adventures: Trapped in Time | Genres: family, animation, action, science fiction | Overview: Get ready for a battle of the ages when the Justice League faces off against its archenemies, the Legion of Doom, in an all-new movie from DC Comics. A mysterious being known as the Time Trapper arises, and a sinister plan led by Lex Luthor sends the Legion of Doom back in time to eliminate Superman, Wonder Woman and Batman before they become super heroes. For Aquaman, Flash and Cyborg, along with teen super heroes Karate Kid and Dawnstar, the stakes have never been higher, the rescue mission never deadlier. So join the fight for the future as the Justice League confronts its ultimate challenge… the threat of having never existed!
Title: Innocent Voices | Genres: drama, war | Overview: A young boy, in an effort to have a normal childhood in 1980s El Salvador, is caught up in a dramatic fight for his life as he desperately tries to avoid the war which is raging all around him
Title: Romance & Cigarettes | Genres: comedy, music, romance | Overview: Down-and-dirty musical love story set in the world of the working class. Nick is an ironworker who builds and repairs bridges. He's married to Kitty, a dressmaker, a strong and gentle woman with whom he has three daughters. He is carrying on a torrid affair with a redheaded woman named Tula. Nick is basically a good, hardworking man driven forward by will and blinded by his urges.
Title: Criminal | Genres: action, crime, science fiction | Overview: CIA Agent Bill Pope is on a mission to track down a shadowy hacker named 'The Dutchman'. When he gets mysteriously killed, an experimental procedure transfers his memories into a dangerous ex-convict. When he wakes up Pope's memories, his mission is to eliminate The Dutchman before the hacker launches ICBMs and starts World War III.
Title: Asterix: The Mansions of the Gods | Genres: animation, comedy, adventure, family | Overview: In order to wipe out the Gaulish village by any means necessary, Caesar plans to absorb the villagers into Roman culture by having an estate built next to the village to start a new Roman colony.
Title: Downton Abbey | Genres: drama, romance, history | Overview: The beloved Crawleys and their intrepid staff prepare for the most important moment of their lives. A royal visit from the King and Queen of England will unleash scandal, romance and intrigue that will leave the future of Downton hanging in the balance.
Title: Ong Bak 3 | Genres: action, adventure, history | Overview: Ong Bak 3 picks up where Ong Bak 2 had left off. Tien is captured and almost beaten to death before he is saved and brought back to the Kana Khone villagers. There he is taught meditation and how to deal with his Karma, but very soon his arch rival returns challenging Tien for a final duel.
"Title: Miss Congeniality 2: Armed and Fabulous | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: After her triumph at the Miss United States pageant, FBI agent Gracie Hart becomes an overnight sensation -- and the new ""face of the FBI"". But it's time to spring into action again when the pageant's winner, Cheryl, and emcee, Stan, are abducted."
Title: All for Her | Genres: drama | Overview: When a woman finally becomes pregnant but is diagnosed with a deadly condition, she must lean on her family to save her unborn child.
Title: Merry Madagascar | Genres: family, animation | Overview: The Zoosters are back in an all-new holiday adventure. When Santa and his reindeer crash onto the island of Madagascar it's up to Alex, Marty, Gloria, Melman and those wacky penguins to save Christmas. Get ready for a sleigh full of laughs in this hilarious new holiday classic.
Title: The Art of Racing in the Rain | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A family dog - with a near-human soul and a philosopher's mind - evaluates his life through the lessons learned by his human owner, a race-car driver.
Title: Keeping Up with the Joneses | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: An ordinary suburban couple finds it’s not easy keeping up with the Joneses – their impossibly gorgeous and ultra-sophisticated new neighbors – especially when they discover that Mr. and Mrs. “Jones” are covert operatives.
Title: Scarface | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A murderous thug shoots his way to the top of the mobs while trying to protect his sister from the criminal life.
Title: Beowulf | Genres: adventure, action, animation | Overview: A 6th-century Scandinavian warrior named Beowulf embarks on a mission to slay the man-like ogre, Grendel.
Title: Home Alone: The Holiday Heist | Genres: comedy, family, tv movie | Overview: 8-year-old Finn is terrified to learn his family is relocating from sunny California to Maine in the scariest house he has ever seen! Convinced that his new house is haunted, Finn sets up a series of elaborate traps to catch the “ghost” in action. Left home alone with his sister while their parents are stranded across town, Finn’s traps catch a new target – a group of thieves who have targeted Finn’s house.
Title: Solomon and Sheba | Genres: history, romance | Overview: Under the rule of King David, Israel is united and prosperous although surrounded by enemies including Egypt and its allies. The aging King David favors his younger son, Solomon, as his successor, but David's elder son Prince Adonijah, a warrior, declares himself King. When David learns of this, he publicly announces Solomon to be his successor. Adonijah and Joab, his general, withdraw in rage. Israel prospers under King Solomon's wise and benevolent rule and is seen as a threat to more tyrannical monarchs in the region. The Pharaoh of Egypt agrees to cede a Red Sea port to the Queen of Sheba in a plot to undermine Solomon's rule. Sheba is to seduce Solomon and introduce Sheban pagan worship into Jerusalem. Meanwhile, Prince Adonijah, now banished, also conspires with Pharaoh and is given an army to defeat Solomon. The film is a highly fictionalized dramatization of events depicted in The Bible -- First Kings chapter 10 and Second Chronicles chapter 9.
Title: Oliver & Company | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: This animated take on Oliver Twist re-imagines Oliver as an adorable orphaned kitten who struggles to survive in New York City and falls in with a band of canine criminals led by an evil human. First, Oliver meets Dodger, a carefree mutt with street savoir faire. But when Oliver meets wealthy Jenny on one of the gang's thieving missions, his life changes forever.
Title: Fabricated City | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: In real life, Kwon Yoo is unemployed, but in the virtual game world he is the best leader. Kwon Yoo is then framed for a murder. With the help of hacker Yeo-Wool, he tries to uncover the truth behind the murder case.
Title: Jumanji: Level One | Genres: adventure, action | Overview: Set in 1869, two children receive a mysterious game after their father goes missing in the jungles of Africa. They unravel both the secret of their father’s disappearance and the origin of Jumanji. See how it all began.
Title: Rush | Genres: drama, action | Overview: A biographical drama centered on the rivalry between Formula 1 drivers James Hunt and Niki Lauda during the 1976 Formula One motor-racing season.
Title: Push | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: After his father, an assassin, is brutally murdered, Nick Gant vows revenge on Division, the covert government agency that dabbles in psychic warfare and experimental drugs. Hiding in Hong Kong's underworld, Nick assembles a band of rogue psychics dedicated to destroying Division. Together with Cassie, a teenage clairvoyant, Nick goes in search of a missing girl and a stolen suitcase that could be the key to accomplishing their mutual goal.
Title: Final Score | Genres: action | Overview: When a stadium is seized by a group of heavily armed criminals during a major sporting event, an ex-soldier must use all his military skills to save both the daughter of a fallen comrade and the huge crowd unaware of the danger.
Title: Yes, God, Yes | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Fifteen-year-old Alice has always been a good Catholic, but when an innocent AOL chat turns unexpectedly racy, she finds herself suddenly obsessed with sex.
Title: Love Scenes | Genres: drama | Overview: Acclaimed actress Val Binnes decides to play a bold and uninhibited role in a controversial new movie for her ambitious, but neglectful and self-absorbed director husband Peter. Val finds herself becoming too caught up in the risqué part, throws caution to the wind, and has an adulterous affair with her hunky, but arrogant leading man Rick. Can Val and Peter's marriage survive the pressure and problems of making the picture?
Title: Leviathan | Genres: adventure, horror, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Underwater deep-sea miners encounter a Soviet wreck and bring back a dangerous cargo to their base on the ocean floor with horrifying results. The crew of the mining base must fight to survive against a genetic mutation that hunts them down one by one.
Title: Bachelor Party | Genres: comedy | Overview: On the eve of his wedding to his longtime girlfriend, unassuming nice guy Rick is dragged out for a night of debauchery by his friends.
Title: Monster-in-Law | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Office temp Charlotte Cantilini thinks she's found Mr. Right when she starts dating gorgeous surgeon Dr. Kevin Fields. But there's a problem standing in the way of everlasting bliss: Kevin's overbearing and controlling mother, Viola. Fearing she'll lose her son's affections forever, Viola decides to break up the happy couple by becoming the world's worst mother-in-law.
Title: Facing Monsters | Genres: documentary | Overview: Kerby Brown made headlines in 2008 when he surfed a 40-foot wave: The ride of a lifetime. He's been chasing that thrill ever since. Facing Monsters follows Kerby and his brother Cortney into the furious power of the ocean
Title: The Little Vampire | Genres: family, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Based on the popular books, the story tells of Tony who wants a friend to add some adventure to his life. What he gets is Rudolph, a vampire kid with a good appetite. The two end up inseparable, but their fun is cut short when all the hopes of the vampire race could be gone forever in single night. With Tony's access to the daytime world, he helps them to find what they've always wanted.
Title: A Knight's Tale | Genres: adventure, drama, romance, action | Overview: William Thatcher, a knight's peasant apprentice, gets a chance at glory when the knight dies suddenly mid-tournament. Posing as a knight himself, William won't stop until he's crowned tournament champion—assuming matters of the heart don't get in the way.
Title: Ne Zha | Genres: animation, fantasy, adventure | Overview: The Primus extracts a Mixed Yuan Bead into a Spirit Seed and a Demon Pill. The Spirit Seed can be reincarnated as a human to help King Zhou establish a new dynasty, whereas the Demon Pill will create a devil threatening humanity. Ne Zha is the one who is destined to be the hero, but instead he becomes a devil incarnate, because the Spirit Seed and a Demon Pill are switched.
Title: The Day the Earth Stood Still | Genres: drama, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A representative of an alien race that went through drastic evolution to survive its own climate change, Klaatu comes to Earth to assess whether humanity can prevent the environmental damage they have inflicted on their own planet. When barred from speaking to the United Nations, he decides humankind shall be exterminated so the planet can survive.
Title: The Batman Superman Movie: World's Finest | Genres: action, animation, tv movie, science fiction | Overview: As the Joker visits Metropolis with a plan to kill Superman for Lex Luthor, Batman pursues the clown to Superman's turf.
Title: Free Fire | Genres: action, crime, mystery | Overview: A crime drama set in 1970s Boston, about a gun sale which goes wrong.
"Title: The Tigger Movie | Genres: family, animation, comedy | Overview: Winnie the Pooh, Piglet, Owl, Kanga, Roo, and Rabbit are preparing a suitable winter home for Eeyore, the perennially dejected donkey, but Tigger's continual bouncing interrupts their efforts. Rabbit suggests that Tigger go find others of his kind to bounce with, but Tigger thinks ""the most wonderful thing about tiggers is"" he's ""the only one!"" Just in case though, the joyously jouncy feline sets out to see if he can find relatives."
Title: Lupin the Third: The Castle of Cagliostro | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy, crime | Overview: After a successful robbery leaves famed thief Lupin the Third and his partner Jigen with nothing but a large amount of expertly crafted counterfeit bills, he decides to track down the forgers responsible—and steal any other treasures he may find in the Castle of Cagliostro, including the 'damsel in distress' he finds imprisoned there.
Title: Oscar and the Lady in Pink | Genres: drama | Overview: Listening in to a conversation between his doctor and parents, 10-year-old Oscar learns what nobody has the courage to tell him. He only has a few weeks to live. Furious, he refuses to speak to anyone except straight-talking Rose, the lady in pink he meets on the hospital stairs. As Christmas approaches, Rose uses her fantastical experiences as a professional wrestler, her imagination, wit and charm to allow Oscar to live life and love to the full, in the company of his friends Pop Corn, Einstein, Bacon and childhood sweetheart Peggy Blue. Written by American Film Market
Title: Enough | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Working-class waitress Slim thought she was entering a life of domestic bliss when she married Mitch, the man of her dreams. After the arrival of their first child, her picture perfect life is shattered when she discovers Mitch's hidden possessive dark side, a controlling and abusive alter ego that can turn trust, love and tranquility into terror. Terrified for her child's safety, Slim flees with her daughter. Relentless in his pursuit and enlisting the aid of lethal henchmen, Mitch continually stalks the prey that was once his family.
Title: 16 Wishes | Genres: fantasy, drama, family | Overview: The story about Abby Jensen, a girl who's been eager to reach her 16th birthday and has kept a secret wish list since she was a little girl. When the Big Day actually arrives, utter disaster strikes, leaving Abby to think her birthday is ruined. But when a mysterious box of magical birthday candles arrives to turn things around, Abby's 16 Wishes start to come true. Her day gets better and better...until she makes one wish that threatens to change everything.
Title: South Park: Post COVID | Genres: animation, comedy, tv movie | Overview: What happened to the children who lived through the Pandemic? Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Kenny survived but will never be the same Post Covid.
Title: The Shallows | Genres: horror, drama, thriller | Overview: When Nancy is surfing on a secluded beach, she finds herself on the feeding ground of a great white shark. Though she is stranded only 200 yards from shore, survival proves to be the ultimate test of wills, requiring all of Nancy's ingenuity, resourcefulness, and fortitude.
Title: Solace | Genres: thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: A psychic doctor, John Clancy, works with an FBI special agent in search of a serial killer.
Title: The Last Sharknado: It's About Time | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure, comedy, tv movie | Overview: With much of America lying in ruins, the rest of the world braces for a global sharknado, Fin and his family must travel around the world to stop them.
Title: Maggie | Genres: horror, drama, mystery | Overview: There's a deadly zombie epidemic threatening humanity, but Wade, a small-town farmer and family man, refuses to accept defeat even when his daughter Maggie becomes infected. As Maggie's condition worsens and the authorities seek to eradicate those with the virus, Wade is pushed to the limits in an effort to protect her. Joely Richardson co-stars in this post-apocalyptic thriller.
Title: Gladiator | Genres: action, drama | Overview: Tommy Riley has moved with his dad to Chicago from a 'nice place'. He keeps to himself, goes to school. However, after a street fight he is noticed and quickly falls into the world of illegal underground boxing - where punches can kill.
Title: American Ultra | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: Mike is an unmotivated stoner whose small-town life with his live-in girlfriend, Phoebe, is suddenly turned upside down. Unbeknownst to him, Mike is actually a highly trained, lethal sleeper agent. In the blink of an eye, as his secret past comes back to haunt him, Mike is thrust into the middle of a deadly government operation and is forced to summon his inner action-hero in order to survive.
Title: Blue Exorcist: The Movie | Genres: animation, fantasy, mystery, horror, action | Overview: The atmosphere in True Cross Academy is lively and boisterous in the days leading up to the grand festival held once every 11 years. During this time, Okumura Rin is entrusted with the responsibility of suppressing the berserk Phantom Train. In the midst of his mission, he meets a devil whose appearance is that of a young boy.
Title: A Castle for Christmas | Genres: romance, comedy, family | Overview: To escape a scandal, a bestselling author journeys to Scotland, where she falls in love with a castle -- and faces off with the grumpy duke who owns it.
Title: The NeverEnding Story III | Genres: fantasy, family | Overview: A young boy must restore order when a group of bullies steal the magical book that acts as a portal between Earth and the imaginary world of Fantasia.
Title: Spooks: The Greater Good | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: During a handover to the head of counter-terrorism of MI5, Harry Pearce, a terrorist escapes custody. When Harry disappears soon after, his protégé is tasked with finding out what happened as an impending attack on London looms, and eventually uncovers a deadly conspiracy.
Title: Invisible Sister | Genres: fantasy, adventure, comedy, tv movie | Overview: Teenager Cleo's school science project goes quite awry, causing her popular older sister Molly to go invisible.
Title: The Talented Mr. Ripley | Genres: thriller, crime, drama | Overview: Tom Ripley is a calculating young man who believes it's better to be a fake somebody than a real nobody. Opportunity knocks in the form of a wealthy U.S. shipbuilder who hires Tom to travel to Italy to bring back his playboy son, Dickie. Ripley worms his way into the idyllic lives of Dickie and his girlfriend, plunging into a daring scheme of duplicity, lies and murder.
Title: The Queen's Corgi | Genres: family, animation | Overview: Since his arrival at Buckingham palace, Rex lives a life of luxury. Top dog, he has superseded his three fellow Corgis in Her Majesty’s heart. His arrogance can be quite irritating. When he causes a diplomatic incident during an official dinner with the President of the United States, he falls into disgrace. Betrayed by one of his peers, Rex becomes a stray dog in the streets of London. How can he redeem himself? In love, he will find the resources to surpass himself in the face of great danger…
Title: Adventures of Dally and Spanky | Genres: family | Overview: A girl inherits a miniature horse that develops an unlikely friendship with her half-sister's Jack Russell Terrier, who takes to riding on the horse's back.
Title: Abduction | Genres: thriller, action, mystery | Overview: A young man sets out to uncover the truth about his life after finding his baby photo on a missing persons website.
"Title: Stitch! The Movie | Genres: comedy, adventure, family, animation | Overview: The continuing adventures of Lilo, a little Hawaiian girl, and Stitch, the galaxy's most wanted extraterrestrial. Stitch, Pleakley, and Dr. Jumba are all part of the household now. But what Lilo and Stitch don't know is that Dr. Jumba brought one of his alien ""experiments"" to Hawaii."
"Title: Precious | Genres: drama | Overview: Set in Harlem in 1987, Claireece ""Precious"" Jones is a 16-year-old African American girl born into a life no one would want. She's pregnant for the second time by her absent father; at home, she must wait hand and foot on her mother, an angry woman who abuses her emotionally and physically. School is chaotic and Precious has reached the ninth grade with good marks and a secret; She can't read."
Title: Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street | Genres: drama, horror | Overview: The infamous story of Benjamin Barker, a.k.a Sweeney Todd, who sets up a barber shop down in London which is the basis for a sinister partnership with his fellow tenant, Mrs. Lovett. Based on the hit Broadway musical.
Title: American Assassin | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Following the murder of his fiancée, Mitch Rapp trains under the instruction of Cold War veteran Stan Hurley. The pair then is enlisted to investigate a wave of apparently random attacks on military and civilian targets.
Title: Flatliners | Genres: drama, science fiction, horror | Overview: Five medical students want to find out if there is life after death. They plan to stop one of their hearts for a few seconds, thus simulating death, and then bring the person back to life.
Title: Natural Born Killers | Genres: crime, thriller, drama | Overview: Two victims of traumatized childhoods become lovers and psychopathic serial murderers irresponsibly glorified by the mass media.
Title: Lethal Weapon 3 | Genres: adventure, action, comedy, thriller, crime | Overview: Archetypal buddy cops Riggs and Murtaugh are back for another round of high-stakes action, this time setting their collective sights on bringing down a former Los Angeles police lieutenant turned black market weapons dealer. Lorna Cole joins as the beautiful yet hardnosed internal affairs sergeant who catches Riggs's eye.
Title: Ooops! Noah Is Gone... | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: It's the end of the world. A flood is coming. Luckily for Dave and his son Finny, a couple of clumsy Nestrians, an Ark has been built to save all animals. But as it turns out, Nestrians aren't allowed. Sneaking on board with the involuntary help of Hazel and her daughter Leah, two Grymps, they think they're safe. Until the curious kids fall off the Ark. Now Finny and Leah struggle to survive the flood and hungry predators and attempt to reach the top of a mountain, while Dave and Hazel must put aside their differences, turn the Ark around and save their kids. It's definitely not going to be smooth sailing.
Title: Superman IV: The Quest for Peace | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: With global superpowers engaged in an increasingly hostile arms race, Superman leads a crusade to rid the world of nuclear weapons. But Lex Luthor, recently sprung from jail, is declaring war on the Man of Steel and his quest to save the planet. Using a strand of Superman's hair, Luthor synthesizes a powerful ally known as Nuclear Man and ignites an epic battle spanning Earth and space.
Title: Police Story 2 | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: The Hong Kong super-cop must stop a group of blackmailing bombers at the same time that the villains of the first Police Story are out for revenge.
Title: Going in Style | Genres: crime, comedy | Overview: Desperate to pay the bills and come through for their loved ones, three lifelong pals risk it all by embarking on a daring bid to knock off the very bank that absconded with their money.
Title: Evil Woman | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: Rosario is a paid assassin who kills men who mistreat or abuse women. When the police capture her, it's the end of the myth. But Maria, a hysteric invalid, saves Rosario in exchange for a different job.
Title: Ma | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Sue Ann is a loner who keeps to herself in her quiet Ohio town. One day, she is asked by Maggie, a new teenager in town, to buy some booze for her and her friends, and Sue Ann sees the chance to make some unsuspecting, if younger, friends of her own.
Title: Pretty Baby | Genres: drama | Overview: Hattie, a New Orleans hooker, meets a photographer named Bellocq at her brothel one night and, after he photographs her, he befriends her 12-year-old daughter, Violet. When Violet is brought on as a working girl by her mother's madam and Hattie skips town to get married, Violet quickly loses her innocence and focuses on reuniting with Bellocq. But a life with Bellocq is compromised for Violet after her mother returns to town.
Title: Zombies! Zombies! Zombies! | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: A drug experiment gone wrong produces a league of blood-thirsty zombies. It is up to a small band of exotic dancers trapped in a gentleman's club to fight back. Together they must rely on their wits and skills to survive the night, and pray that they don't become victims of the flesh-eating zombies!
Title: The Spy Who Dumped Me | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Audrey and Morgan, two thirty-year-old best friends in Los Angeles, are thrust unexpectedly into an international conspiracy when Audrey’s ex-boyfriend shows up at their apartment with a team of deadly assassins on his trail.
Title: Hitch | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Dating coach Alex 'Hitch' Hitchens mentors a bumbling client, Albert, who hopes to win the heart of the glamorous Allegra Cole. While Albert makes progress, Hitch faces his own romantic setbacks when proven techniques fail to work on Sara Melas, a tabloid reporter digging for dirt on Allegra Cole's love life. When Sara discovers Hitch's connection to Albert – now Allegra's boyfriend – it threatens to destroy both relationships.
Title: Berlin Syndrome | Genres: mystery, thriller, drama, horror | Overview: A passionate holiday romance leads to an obsessive relationship when an Australian photojournalist wakes one morning in a Berlin apartment and is unable to leave.
"Title: Behind the Mask: The Batman Dead End Story | Genres: documentary | Overview: Director and Writer Eric Dow (""Honor in the Valley of Tears"") brings us his second documentary as he goes behind the scenes of the fan fiction short film, ""Batman: Dead End."" In the winter of 2003 commercial director Sandy Collora and some of his friends set out to make a low-budget short film for his demo reel. What they wound up actually doing was making one of the most elaborate, most watched, most talked about and most controversial short films ever made: Batman Dead End. Considering the amount of press and admiration Batman: Dead End garnered,"
Title: After Sex | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: Sex is a background to examine intimacy and vulnerability. Looks at the complexity of modern day relationships told through eight separate couples. Through dialogue and compromising situations, the film takes us from the beginning of a relationship to the aftermath of one, and examines every stage in between seeing humor within the drama, heartache and confusion of it all.
Title: Mirrors 2 | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: When Max, who is recovering from a traumatic accident, takes a job as a nighttime security guard, he begins to see visions of a young mysterious woman in the store's mirror.
Title: Black and Blue | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A rookie cop inadvertently captures the murder of a young drug dealer on her body cam. After realizing that the murder was committed by corrupt cops, she teams up with the one person from her community who is willing to help her as she tries to escape both the criminals out for revenge and the police who are desperate to destroy the incriminating footage.
Title: The Titan | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: On a bleak future Earth, a soldier endures a radical genetic transformation to save humanity. But his wife fears he's becoming more creature than man.
Title: Spider-Man Strikes Back | Genres: action, adventure, family, fantasy, tv movie | Overview: At the New York State University, one of Peter Parker's tutors has accidentally given three students all the materials they need to create an atomic bomb. While Peter Parker tries to find out what's happened, the police suspect him of the crime, and Peter has to deal with an attractive journalist determined to get an interview with Spider-Man. Then dastardly millionaire Mr. White shows up, and will stop at nothing to get his hands on the atomic bomb. Spider-Man must defeat this scheming villain and stop him blowing up the World Trade Centre.
Title: A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to Thor's Hammer | Genres: science fiction, fantasy | Overview: Agent Coulson stops at a convenience store and deals with a coincidental robbery during his visit.
Title: Nisekoi: False Love | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Raku Ichijo (Kento Nakajima) is an only son and a high school student. His father is the leader of yakuza group Shuei-gumi. Raku Ichijo doesn't like to fight and he studies hard. His dream is to become a public official. One day, he passes the entrance gate at his high school and is kicked inadvertently by Chitoge Kirisaki (Ayami Nakajo). She is a new transfer student at the school. Chitoge Kirisaki is the only daughter of a rival gang leader. To keep the peace between the rival gangs led by their fathers, Raku Ichijo and Chitoge Kirisaki decide to act as boyfriend and girlfriend. --asianwiki
Title: Master Z: Ip Man Legacy | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: Following his defeat by Master Ip, Cheung Tin Chi tries to make a life with his young son in Hong Kong, waiting tables at a bar that caters to expats. But it's not long before the mix of foreigners, money, and triad leaders draw him once again to the fight.
Title: The Other Boleyn Girl | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A sumptuous and sensual tale of intrigue, romance and betrayal set against the backdrop of a defining moment in European history: two beautiful sisters, Anne and Mary Boleyn, driven by their family's blind ambition, compete for the love of the handsome and passionate King Henry VIII.
Title: Book of Dragons | Genres: fantasy, animation, action, comedy, family | Overview: So you want to be a dragon trainer do you? Prepare yourself for adventure, excitement and training as Hiccup, Astrid, Toothless and Gobber tell the legend behind the Book of Dragons and reveal insider training secrets about new, never-before-seen dragons.
Title: Think Like a Man Too | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: All the couples are back for a wedding in Las Vegas, but plans for a romantic weekend go awry when their various misadventures get them into some compromising situations that threaten to derail the big event.
Title: Unconditional | Genres: drama | Overview: Samantha Crawford is living a storybook life: she’s happily married, she lives on a ranch where she keeps her beloved horse, and the stories she’s told and illustrated since childhood have become published books. When her husband Billy is killed in a senseless act of violence, Sam loses her faith and her will to live. But a death-defying encounter with two children leads to a reunion with Joe, her oldest friend. As Sam watches “Papa” Joe care for and love the kids in his under-resourced neighborhood, she begins to realize that no matter life’s circumstances, the love of God is always reaching out to us.
"Title: Bicentennial Man | Genres: science fiction, comedy, drama | Overview: Richard Martin buys a gift, a new NDR-114 robot. The product is named Andrew by the youngest of the family's children. ""Bicentennial Man"" follows the life and times of Andrew, a robot purchased as a household appliance programmed to perform menial tasks. As Andrew begins to experience emotions and creative thought, the Martin family soon discovers they don't have an ordinary robot."
Title: Into the Wild | Genres: adventure, drama | Overview: After graduating from Emory University in 1992, top student and athlete Christopher McCandless abandons his possessions, gives his entire $24,000 savings account to charity, and hitchhikes to Alaska to live in the wilderness.
Title: Perfect Sisters | Genres: thriller, drama, crime | Overview: Tired of their mother's alcoholism and a string of her abusive boyfriends, two sisters plot to kill her.
Title: The Woman in Black 2: Angel of Death | Genres: thriller, horror, drama | Overview: 40 years after the first haunting at Eel Marsh House, a group of children evacuated from WWII London arrive, awakening the house's darkest inhabitant.
Title: The Willoughbys | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: When the four Willoughby children are abandoned by their selfish parents, they must learn how to adapt their Old-Fashioned values to the contemporary world in order to create something new: The Modern Family.
Title: Steel Magnolias | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A young beautician, newly arrived in a small Louisiana town, finds work at the local salon, where a small group of women share a close bond of friendship and welcome her into the fold.
Title: Milf | Genres: comedy | Overview: A group of nerdy college guys who can't seem to connect with girls their own age discover the excitement of hooking up with sexy older women.
Title: Before I Go to Sleep | Genres: mystery, thriller | Overview: A woman wakes up every day, remembering nothing as a result of a traumatic accident in her past. One day, new terrifying truths emerge that force her to question everyone around her.
Title: The First Time | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: Dave, a high school senior, spends most of his time pining away over a girl he can’t have. Aubrey, a junior with artistic aspirations, has a hot boyfriend who doesn’t quite understand her or seem to care. Although they go to different schools, Dave and Aubrey find themselves at the same party. When both head outside to get some air, they meet. A casual conversation sparks an instant connection, and, over the course of a weekend, things turn magical, romantic, complicated, and funny as Aubrey and Dave discover what it's like to fall in love for the first time.
Title: Buzz Lightyear of Star Command: The Adventure Begins | Genres: animation, family, comedy, science fiction, adventure | Overview: Buzz Lightyear must battle Emperor Zurg with the help of three hopefuls who insist on being his partners.
"Title: Girl, Interrupted | Genres: drama | Overview: Set in the changing world of the late 1960s, Susanna Kaysen's prescribed ""short rest"" from a psychiatrist she had met only once becomes a strange, unknown journey into Alice's Wonderland, where she struggles with the thin line between normal and crazy. Susanna soon realizes how hard it is to get out once she has been committed, and she ultimately has to choose between the world of people who belong inside or the difficult world of reality outside."
Title: Room in Rome | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A hotel room in the center of Rome serves as the setting for Alba and Natasha, two young and recently acquainted women, to have a physical adventure that touches their very souls.
"Title: The Space Between | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Micky Adams, an eccentric has-been rock musician, loses his grip on reality as his record label looks to drop him and his new ""unique"" albums. In hopes of breaking out of the mailroom, young Charlie Porter is tasked with traveling to the musician's bizarre home and forcing Micky out of his contract. Micky realizes Charlie could be the key to an artistic breakthrough and the pair's unlikely friendship grows. The odd but powerful bond helps both gain perspective on the music industry, life, love... and the space between."
Title: Sword of the Stranger | Genres: action, animation, history | Overview: Pursued by formidable Chinese assassins, young Kotaro and his dog run into No Name, a mysterious stranger who gets pulled into the chase. The unlikely companions form a bond over saving the dog from a poison attack, but chaos erupts when the assassins find Kotaro, and No Name must face his past before a horrible fate is met again.
Title: Pokémon Apokélypse | Genres: crime, action, drama | Overview: Set in the near future, Pokemon battles have been outlawed and forced underground where they resemble dog fights. Crime Syndicate, Team Rocket threatens Misty and Professor Oak forcing Ash to throw a match. After doing so, Ash changes his mind and all out Pokewar between Ash and Team Rocket begins.
Title: Justice League: Secret Origins | Genres: action, adventure, animation, science fiction | Overview: When global catastrophe strikes, the World's Greatest Super Heroes answer the call to join Justice League. Justice League works together as a team to overcome a dangerous array of intersteller invaders and world conquering megalomaniacs.
Title: Enemy | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: A mild-mannered college professor discovers a look-alike actor and delves into the other man's private affairs.
Title: Mindhunters | Genres: mystery, thriller, crime | Overview: Trainees in the FBI's psychological profiling program must put their training into practice when they discover a killer in their midst.
Title: #realityhigh | Genres: comedy | Overview: When nerdy high schooler Dani finally attracts the interest of her longtime crush, she lands in the cross hairs of his ex, a social media celebrity.
Title: The Great Escape | Genres: adventure, drama, history, thriller, war | Overview: The Nazis, exasperated at the number of escapes from their prison camps by a relatively small number of Allied prisoners, relocate them to a high-security 'escape-proof' camp to sit out the remainder of the war. Undaunted, the prisoners plan one of the most ambitious escape attempts of World War II. Based on a true story.
Title: Escobar: Paradise Lost | Genres: thriller, romance | Overview: For Pablo Escobar family is everything. When young surfer Nick falls for Escobar's niece, Maria, he finds his life on the line when he's pulled into the dangerous world of the family business.
Title: Inuyasha the Movie: Affections Touching Across Time | Genres: action, animation, adventure, fantasy | Overview: InuYasha is a half-demon who was trapped in the Legendary Tree and was set free by Kagome, a girl who traveled 500 years through time. This time, both of them will have to face Menomaru, a Chinese demon whose father, known as Hyoga, came 300 years ago to invade Japan, but was stopped by InuYasha's Father. InuYasha and Kagome, along with Sango, Miroku, Shippou, Kaede and Myoga, will try to stop Menomaru in his becoming the most powerful demon ever.
Title: Dragon Quest: Your Story | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, fantasy, action, family | Overview: Luca follows in his father's footsteps to rescue his mother from evil Ladja. Finding the heavenly hero who wields the Zenithian sword is his only hope.
Title: Urusei Yatsura: Only You | Genres: animation, romance, science fiction, comedy | Overview: Six-year-old Ataru steps on Elle's shadow during an impromptu game of shadow-tag; in Elle's culture, this is viewed as a marriage proposal. Eleven years later, Elle returns to Earth in order to marry Ataru — by which time not only had he forgotten the events of his childhood, but he was also going out with Lum. The rest of the plot focuses on Lum's attempts to prevent the marriage. The film was directed by Mamoru Oshii who was mad at the many requests that the producer made of him to alter the movie. Rumiko Takahashi considers this film her favorite and it is the most true to the original series.
Title: Book of Shadows: Blair Witch 2 | Genres: mystery, thriller, horror | Overview: Young adults become fascinated by the events of the three missing filmmakers in Maryland, so they decide to go into the same woods and find out what really happened.
Title: Over the Top | Genres: action, drama | Overview: Sylvester Stallone stars as hard-luck big-rig trucker Lincoln Hawk and takes us under the glaring Las Vegas lights for all the boisterous action of the World Armwrestling Championship. Relying on wits and willpower, Hawk tries to rebuild his life by capturing the first-place prize money, and the love of the son he abandoned years earlier into the keeping of his rich, ruthless father-in-law.
Title: Bombshell | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Bombshell is a revealing look inside the most powerful and controversial media empire of all time; and the explosive story of the women who brought down the infamous man who created it.
Title: Dino King: Journey to Fire Mountain | Genres: animation, adventure | Overview: Speckles, a ferocious tarbosaurus and his young son junior, mourning the loss of their family in an epic battle, roam the lands in search of food, adventure and peace. Under the watchful eye of his dad, Junior is growing up healthy and strong, but with an overconfidence thanks to his young age. After one encounter results in Junior being kidnapped, Speckles embarks on an adventure to the ends of earth to find his son. Encountering friend and foe, ally and enemy, Speckles will stop at nothing and will take on all corners to save his offspring.
Title: Snitch | Genres: thriller, drama, action | Overview: Construction company owner John Matthews learns that his estranged son, Jason, has been arrested for drug trafficking. Facing an unjust prison sentence for a first time offender courtesy of mandatory minimum sentence laws, Jason has nothing to offer for leniency in good conscience. Desperately, John convinces the DEA and the opportunistic DA Joanne Keeghan to let him go undercover to help make arrests big enough to free his son in return. With the unwitting help of an ex-con employee, John enters the narcotics underworld where every move could be his last in an operation that will demand all his resources, wits and courage to survive.
Title: Gorgeous | Genres: adventure, action, comedy, romance | Overview: When Ah Bu, a girl from a small fishing town in Taiwan, finds a glass bottle with a romantic message, she travels to Hong Kong to find her prince charming. As it turns out, her prince charming, Albert, happens to be gay. But all is not lost when Ah Bu meets the dashing Chi Wu. Meanwhile, Ah Bu's boyfriend from Taiwan comes looking for her, as the action and romance follow Ah Bu back to Taiwan.
Title: American Refugee | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A story of a family seeking shelter in a neighbor’s bunker while the American economy is in collapse and the nation under martial law. There they find the danger inside is potentially greater than the danger outside.
Title: Starstruck | Genres: romance, comedy, tv movie, music | Overview: Pop star Christopher Wilde has fame, fortune and a big-budget Hollywood movie awaiting him. But after meeting Jessica Olson, a down-to-earth girl from the Midwest, he is faced with following his heart or doing what's best for his career.
"Title: Evolution | Genres: comedy, science fiction, action | Overview: A comedy that follows the chaos that ensues when a meteor hits the Earth carrying alien life forms that give new meaning to the term ""survival of the fittest."" David Duchovny, Orlando Jones, Seann William Scott, and Julianne Moore are the only people standing between the aliens and world domination... which could be bad news for the Earth."
Title: Vertigo | Genres: mystery, romance, thriller | Overview: A retired San Francisco detective suffering from acrophobia investigates the strange activities of an old friend's wife, all the while becoming dangerously obsessed with her.
"Title: Titanic: 100 Years On | Genres: documentary | Overview: The ""unsinkable"" floating palace set sail from Southampton on 10th April 1912 on her maiden voyage to New York. An iceberg ended this monumental journey 5 days later. Only 705 of the passengers and crew survived. This program features an exclusive look at the Sea City Museum Titanic Exhibit in Southampton, interviews from both survivors and the cast of the blockbuster film."
"Title: The Diamond Arm | Genres: adventure, comedy, crime | Overview: In the southern town, a gang of ""currency traders"" is operating, led by the Chief and his assistant Kozodoyev. A modest Soviet clerk and an exemplary family man Semyon Semyonovich Gorbunkov goes on a foreign cruise on a motor ship, on which Kozodoyev also sailed, who must pick up diamonds in one of the eastern cities and transport them in a plaster hand. But due to a misunderstanding, instead of a swindler, an unsuspecting Gorbunkov falls in the appointed place, and a precious plaster is imposed on him. That's where it all starts..."
Title: The Thin Red Line | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: The story of a group of men, an Army Rifle company called C-for-Charlie, who change, suffer, and ultimately make essential discoveries about themselves during the fierce World War II battle of Guadalcanal. It follows their journey, from the surprise of an unopposed landing, through the bloody and exhausting battles that follow, to the ultimate departure of those who survived.
Title: Snowden | Genres: drama, history, crime, thriller | Overview: CIA employee Edward Snowden leaks thousands of classified documents to the press.
Title: Security | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: An ex-special services veteran, down on his luck and desperate for work, takes a job as a security guard at a run-down mall in a rough area of town. On his first night on the job, he opens the door to a distraught and desperate young girl who has fled the hijacking of a Police motorcade that was transporting her to testify as a witness in a trial. Hot on her heels is the psychopathic hijacker and his team of henchmen, who will stop at nothing to extract and eliminate the witness.
Title: Moontrap: Target Earth | Genres: action, science fiction, adventure | Overview: A long forgotten ancient spacecraft discovered on Earth. Investigations carried out by Scout transport her to the moon whereupon she meets the impressive machines preserving the wisdom of that long lost civilization.
Title: The Intruder | Genres: thriller | Overview: A psychological thriller about a young married couple who buys a beautiful Napa Valley house on several acres of land only to find that the man they bought it from refuses to let go of the property.
Title: The Last House on the Left | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Two teenage girls try to buy marijuana in the city - where they get kidnapped and brutalized by a gang of psychotic convicts.
Title: Siren | Genres: horror | Overview: A bachelor party becomes a savage fight for survival when the groomsmen unwittingly unleash a fabled predator upon the festivities. Feature film adapted from the V/H/S (2012) anthology segment 'Amateur Night.'
Title: Unbroken | Genres: drama, war | Overview: A chronicle of the life of Louis Zamperini, an Olympic runner who was taken prisoner by Japanese forces during World War II.
Title: The Water Horse | Genres: family, adventure, fantasy | Overview: A lonely boy discovers a mysterious egg that hatches a sea creature of Scottish legend.
Title: Plan B | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Bruno's plan to win back his ex-girlfriend hits a snag when he becomes attracted to her boyfriend.
Title: Quo Vadis | Genres: drama, history, romance | Overview: Set against the back drop of Rome in crisis, General Marcus Vinicius returns to the city from the battle fields and falls in love with a Christian woman, Lygia. Caught in the grip of insanity, Nero's atrocities become more extreme and he burns Rome, laying the blame on the Christians. Vinicius races to save Lygia from the wrath of Nero as the empire of Rome collapses around them.
Title: Ladyhawke | Genres: adventure, comedy, drama, fantasy | Overview: Captain Etienne Navarre is a man on whose shoulders lies a cruel curse. Punished for loving each other, Navarre must become a wolf by night whilst his lover, Lady Isabeau, takes the form of a hawk by day. Together, with the thief Philippe Gaston, they must try to overthrow the corrupt Bishop and in doing so break the spell.
Title: Machete Kills | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Ex-Federale agent Machete is recruited by the President of the United States for a mission which would be impossible for any mortal man – he must take down a madman revolutionary and an eccentric billionaire arms dealer who has hatched a plan to spread war and anarchy across the planet.
Title: Life of the Party | Genres: comedy | Overview: When her husband suddenly dumps her, longtime dedicated housewife Deanna turns regret into re-set by going back to college... landing in the same class and school as her daughter, who's not entirely sold on the idea. Plunging headlong into the campus experience, the increasingly outspoken Deanna – now Dee Rock – embraces freedom, fun and frat boys on her own terms, finding her true self in a senior year no one ever expected.
Title: The Haunting | Genres: horror, thriller, fantasy, mystery | Overview: Dr. David Marrow invites Eleanor Vance, Luke Sanderson, and Theo to the eerie and isolated Hill House to be subjects for a sleep disorder study. The unfortunate guests discover that Marrow is far more interested in the sinister mansion itself — and they soon see the true nature of its horror.
Title: ASSEMBLED: The Making of Eternals | Genres: documentary | Overview: Join director Chloe Zhao and the Cast of Eternals as they recount their experiences during the making of Marvel Studios’ most ambitious film to date. Discover how the ensemble cast felt stepping into their roles, filming in remote locations, and creating bonds that would help to create the on-screen relationships that span over 7,000 years.
Title: Tarzan | Genres: animation, action, adventure, family | Overview: One of the most classic and revered stories of all time, Edgar Rice Burroughs' Tarzan returns to the big screen for a new generation. Tarzan and Jane face a mercenary army dispatched by the evil CEO of Greystoke Energies, a man who took over the company from Tarzan's parents, after they died in a plane crash in the African jungle.
Title: News of the World | Genres: drama, western, adventure | Overview: A Texan traveling across the wild West bringing the news of the world to local townspeople, agrees to help rescue a young girl who was kidnapped.
Title: The Madagascar Penguins in a Christmas Caper | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: During the holiday season, when the animals of the Central Park Zoo are preparing for Christmas, Private, the youngest of the penguins notices that the Polar Bear is all alone. Assured that nobody should have to spend Christmas alone, Private goes into the city for some last-minute Christmas shopping. Along the way, he gets stuffed into a stocking
"Title: Spaceballs | Genres: comedy, science fiction | Overview: When the nefarious Dark Helmet hatches a plan to snatch Princess Vespa and steal her planet's air, space-bum-for-hire Lone Starr and his clueless sidekick fly to the rescue. Along the way, they meet Yogurt, who puts Lone Starr wise to the power of ""The Schwartz."" Can he master it in time to save the day?"
Title: Tulip Fever | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: An artist falls for a married young woman while he's commissioned to paint her portrait. The two invest in the risky tulip market in hopes to build a future together.
Title: Blow | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: A boy named George Jung grows up in a struggling family in the 1950's. His mother nags at her husband as he is trying to make a living for the family. It is finally revealed that George's father cannot make a living and the family goes bankrupt. George does not want the same thing to happen to him, and his friend Tuna, in the 1960's, suggests that he deal marijuana. He is a big hit in California in the 1960's, yet he goes to jail, where he finds out about the wonders of cocaine. As a result, when released, he gets rich by bringing cocaine to America. However, he soon pays the price.
Title: Happy Death Day 2U | Genres: comedy, horror, science fiction | Overview: Collegian Tree Gelbman wakes up in horror to learn that she's stuck in a parallel universe. Her boyfriend Carter is now with someone else, and her friends and fellow students seem to be completely different versions of themselves. When Tree discovers that Carter's roommate has been altering time, she finds herself once again the target of a masked killer. When the psychopath starts to go after her inner circle, Tree soon realizes that she must die over and over again to save everyone.
Title: Casablanca | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In Casablanca, Morocco in December 1941, a cynical American expatriate meets a former lover, with unforeseen complications.
Title: The Deer Hunter | Genres: drama, war | Overview: A group of working-class friends decide to enlist in the Army during the Vietnam War and finds it to be hellish chaos -- not the noble venture they imagined. Before they left, Steven married his pregnant girlfriend -- and Michael and Nick were in love with the same woman. But all three are different men upon their return.
Title: A Perfect Getaway | Genres: thriller, mystery, adventure | Overview: For their honeymoon, newlyweds Cliff and Cydney head to the tropical islands of Hawaii. While journeying through the paradisaical countryside the couple encounters Kale and Cleo, two disgruntled hitchhikers and Nick and Gina, two wild but well-meaning spirits who help guide them through the lush jungles. The picturesque waterfalls and scenic mountainsides quickly give way to terror when Cliff and Cydney learn of a grisly murder that occurred nearby and realize that they're being followed by chance acquaintances that suspiciously fit the description of the killers.
Title: Flight Crew | Genres: drama, action | Overview: A story about bravery, self-sacrifice and human dignity put on trial by the merciless power of nature. A young pilot is fired from military air force after disobeying an absurd order. He gets a job as a co-pilot with a civil airline. Being brutally honest and direct, he is not on best terms with his new colleagues. During a flight to Asia his crew receives a distress message from a volcanic island and makes a decision to attempt a rescue mission. Will it be a success? Will they survive the disaster? They have a single chance to find that out: by being a team and sticking up for one another.
Title: A Cinderella Story: Once Upon a Song | Genres: comedy, family, romance | Overview: In this modern telling of the classic tale, aspiring singer Katie Gibbs falls for the new boy at her performing arts high school. But Katie's wicked stepmother and stepsister are scheming to crush her dream before she can sing her way into his heart.
Title: The Secret in Their Eyes | Genres: crime, drama, mystery | Overview: A retired legal counselor writes a novel hoping to find closure for one of his past unresolved homicide cases and for his unreciprocated love with his superior - both of which still haunt him decades later.
Title: Dredd | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: In the future, America is a dystopian wasteland. The latest scourge is Ma-Ma, a prostitute-turned-drug pusher with a dangerous new drug and aims to take over the city. The only possibility of stopping her is an elite group of urban police called Judges, who combine the duties of judge, jury and executioner to deliver a brutal brand of swift justice. But even the top-ranking Judge, Dredd, discovers that taking down Ma-Ma isn’t as easy as it seems in this explosive adaptation of the hugely popular comic series.
Title: There Will Be Blood | Genres: drama | Overview: Ruthless silver miner, turned oil prospector, Daniel Plainview, moves to oil-rich California. Using his son to project a trustworthy, family-man image, Plainview cons local landowners into selling him their valuable properties for a pittance. However, local preacher Eli Sunday suspects Plainview's motives and intentions, starting a slow-burning feud that threatens both their lives.
Title: The Lion Woman | Genres: drama | Overview: Eva Arctander is born with hypertrichosis, meaning that she is covered from head to toe with fine blonde hair. Her father is so ashamed of her that he hides her away from the world in their apartment. However, Eva’s nanny fights for her right to be treated like everyone else.
Title: Uncharted: Eye of Indra | Genres: action, adventure, animation | Overview: In the run-up to the release of 'Uncharted 2: Among Thieves', Naughty Dog and Sony Computer Entertainment published 'Uncharted: Eye of Indra'. This motion comic is a prequel to the events shown in 'Uncharted: Drake's Fortune',
Title: Swordfish | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Rogue agent Gabriel Shear is determined to get his mitts on $9 billion stashed in a secret Drug Enforcement Administration account. He wants the cash to fight terrorism, but lacks the computer skills necessary to hack into the government mainframe. Enter Stanley Jobson, a n'er-do-well encryption expert who can log into anything.
Title: A.I. Artificial Intelligence | Genres: drama, science fiction, adventure | Overview: David, a robotic boy—the first of his kind programmed to love—is adopted as a test case by a Cybertronics employee and his wife. Though he gradually becomes their child, a series of unexpected circumstances make this life impossible for David. Without final acceptance by humans or machines, David embarks on a journey to discover where he truly belongs, uncovering a world in which the line between robot and machine is both vast and profoundly thin.
Title: The Ages of Lulu | Genres: drama | Overview: Fifteen-year-old Lulu has never known any affection from her family. But when she goes to a rock concert with Pablo, a friend of the family, he introduces Lulu to her first sexual experience. Years later, Pablo and Lulu have married; Pablo has created a sheltered, private world for Lulu, into which nothing intrudes. However, Lulu tires of her cloistered existence, and begins hanging out in shady bars, looking for vicarious thrills and danger.
Title: Pay It Forward | Genres: drama | Overview: Like some other kids, 12-year-old Trevor McKinney believed in the goodness of human nature. Like many other kids, he was determined to change the world for the better. Unlike most other kids, he succeeded.
Title: Walled In | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Having finally secured her first assignment from her family's demolition business, Sam Walczak (Mischa Barton) is sent to supervise the destruction of an apartment house, only to discover a group of tenants still living in the condemned building. One such tenant, Jimmy (Cameron Bright), tells Sam an urban legend about a serial murderer who used to live in the building and entomb his victims in the walls. What's worse, the dead are believed to still harass the residents to this day.
Title: Jarhead: Law of Return | Genres: war | Overview: Major Ronan Jackson (Devon Sawa), an accomplished fighter pilot for the Israel Defense Forces and son of a U.S. Senator (Robert Patrick), is shot down while flying through Syrian airspace. After miraculously surviving the crash, Jackson is taken captive by a group of Hezbollah militiamen. A gripping and powerful story packed with hard-hitting action, Jarhead: Law of Return follows a squad of elite soldiers, led by Gunnery Sergeant Dave Torres (Amaury Nolasco), as they risk their own lives in the hopes of saving an ally they've never met.
Title: Frida | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A biography of artist Frida Kahlo, who channeled the pain of a crippling injury and her tempestuous marriage into her work.
Title: Sheep & Wolves: Pig Deal | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: The united town of sheep and wolves lives a peaceful and quiet life until two unexpected guests turn up - a polar fox and a tiny ewe. No one ever expected them to bring a deadly danger, which can be overcome only if they work together. Only teamwork can solve big problems and deal with serious challenges - as there is strength in unity.
Title: Rear Window | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: A wheelchair-bound photographer spies on his neighbors from his apartment window and becomes convinced one of them has committed murder.
"Title: Mr. Osomatsu the Movie | Genres: comedy, animation | Overview: The sextuplets attend a high school class reunion. There, they see all their former classmates who have become ""proper"" adults with company jobs. The sextuplets sulk about this and go home and drink until they fall asleep. But when they wake up, a certain scene awaits them."
Title: Dragon Rider | Genres: animation, family, adventure, fantasy | Overview: An unlikely trio of heroes – a dragon, a boy and a forest brownie – embark on an epic adventure to find the “Rim of Heaven” - the mythological safe haven for all dragons.
Title: Blast from the Past | Genres: science fiction, drama, romance, comedy | Overview: Following a bomb scare in the 1960s that locked the Webers into their bomb shelter for 35 years, Adam now ventures forth into Los Angeles to obtain food and supplies for his family, and a non-mutant wife for himself.
Title: I, Tonya | Genres: drama | Overview: Competitive ice skater Tonya Harding rises amongst the ranks at the U.S. Figure Skating Championships, but her future in the sport is thrown into doubt when her ex-husband intervenes.
Title: Doraemon: Nobita's Great Adventure in the South Seas | Genres: animation | Overview: The search for documentation about the sea for a school work will make the magic door of Doraemon open and take Nobita to Shizuka, Gian and Sueno in the deep ocean. This time our friends embark on a huge and unique boat in order to learn about the mysteries of the sea and look for treasures. What nobody imagines is that a distortion in the line of space-time will lead them to the seventeenth century amid a great storm that will make them wreck and where Doraemon loses its magic pocket. No time to lose, our friends must find a way out. Will they succeed?
Title: RED | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, crime, thriller | Overview: When his peaceful life is threatened by a high-tech assassin, former black-ops agent, Frank Moses reassembles his old team in a last ditch effort to survive and uncover his assailants.
Title: Your Lie in April | Genres: drama, music, romance | Overview: Arima Kousei won numerous piano competitions while under the strict watch of his mother. He was known as the human metronome during that time. Since the death of his mother, Kousei has been unable to hear the sound of his piano. He then meets Miyazono Kaori through childhood friend Sawabe Tsubaki. Kaori plays the violin and has a free sprit. Since meeting her, Kousei is able to face the piano again. Meanwhile, Kaori holds a secret.
Title: Prime Time | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: On the last day of 1999, 20-year-old Sebastian locks himself in a TV studio. He has two hostages, a gun, and an important message for the world. The story of the attack explores a rebel’s extreme measures and last resort.
Title: Farm to Fork to Love | Genres: romance, tv movie | Overview: Alice, a young and talented sous chef at NY's top restaurant, receives an invitation to judge a food competition for a prestigious annual fundraiser.
Title: Nine 1/2 Weeks | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: An erotic story about a woman, the assistant of an art gallery, who gets involved in an impersonal affair with a man. She barely knows about his life, only about the sex games they play, so the relationship begins to get complicated.
Title: Wish Upon a Unicorn | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: Two children discover that their mother is gone. The youngest of the pair, adventurer and upcomming singer, Long Johnson forces his older sister, Lily Johnson, to hunt down a unicorn with magical blood.
Title: Birthday Sex | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: After a bad break up with Tyler, Mia tries to celebrate her birthday by inviting her friend Simon as her date. With best friends Kristen and Sara at her side, or so she thought, lies, distrust and sexual desires occur during a night full of drama and birthday sex.
Title: It Takes Two | Genres: comedy, family, romance | Overview: Identical 9-year-olds from very different backgrounds: orphaned Amanda and wealthy Alyssa meet at summer camp and decide to switch places -- and play matchmaker between Alyssa's dad, Roger, and the kind social worker who cares for Amanda.
Title: Fearless Hyena | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: Lung is a talented fighter but prefers to spend his time loafing around and picking fights, despite orders from his grandfather not to fight. Unknown to him, a brutal general has been slaughtering all the people from his grandfather’s clan. When the general recognizes Lung’s style of kung fu during one of his street fights, he hunts down Lung’s grandfather and kills him.
Title: Lost in Space | Genres: science fiction, adventure | Overview: The prospects for continuing life on Earth in the year 2058 are grim. So the Robinsons are launched into space to colonize Alpha Prime, the only other inhabitable planet in the galaxy. But when a stowaway sabotages the mission, the Robinsons find themselves hurtling through uncharted space.
Title: Day of the Dead: Bloodline | Genres: action, horror | Overview: In a world overrun by zombies, military personnel and survivalists live in an underground bunker while they seek a cure.
"Title: Unleashed | Genres: action, crime | Overview: Raised as a slave, Danny is used to fighting for his survival. In fact, his ""master,"" Bart, thinks of him as a pet and goes as far as leashing him with a collar so they can make money in fight clubs, where Danny is the main contender. When Bart's crew is in a car accident, Danny escapes and meets a blind, kindhearted piano tuner who takes him in and uses music to free the fighter's long-buried heart."
Title: Kursk | Genres: drama, history, thriller, action | Overview: Barents Sea, August 12th, 2000. During a Russian naval exercise, and after suffering a serious accident, the K-141 Kursk submarine sinks with 118 crew members on board. While the few sailors who are still alive barely manage to survive, their families push for accurate information and a British officer struggles to obtain from the Russian government a permit to attempt a rescue before it is late. But general incompetence are against all their efforts.
Title: King of Kings | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Who is Jesus, and why does he impact all he meets? He is respected and reviled, emulated and accused, beloved, betrayed, and finally crucified. Yet that terrible fate would not be the end of the story.
Title: Silver Skates | Genres: romance, adventure, drama, family, history | Overview: 1899, the Christmas-time St.Petersburg. Ice-covered rivers and canals of the capital seethe with festive activities. On the eve of the new century those who should not be destined to meet, come together. They are people from different worlds: Matvey, the son of a lamplighter, whose only treasure is his silver-plated skates; Alice is the daughter of a high-ranking official dreaming of science. Each of them has his own difficult life-story, but having accidentally met they rush forward together in pursuit of their dreams.
Title: Every Which Way but Loose | Genres: action, comedy, adventure, romance, drama | Overview: Philo Beddoe is your regular, easygoing, truck-driving guy. He's also the best bar-room brawler west of the Rockies. And he lives with a 165-pound orangutan named Clyde. Like other guys, Philo finally falls in love - with a flighty singer who leads him on a screwball chase across the American Southwest. Nothing's in the way except a motorcycle gang, and legendary brawler Tank Murdock.
Title: Yesterday | Genres: music, comedy, romance, fantasy | Overview: Jack Malik is a struggling singer-songwriter in an English seaside town whose dreams of fame are rapidly fading, despite the fierce devotion and support of his childhood best friend, Ellie. After a freak bus accident during a mysterious global blackout, Jack wakes up to discover that he's the only person on Earth who can remember The Beatles.
Title: Captive State | Genres: science fiction | Overview: Nearly a decade after occupation by an extraterrestrial force, the lives of a Chicago neighborhood on both sides of the conflict are explored. In a working-class Chicago neighborhood occupied by an alien force for nine years, increased surveillance and the restriction of civil rights have given rise to an authoritarian system -- and dissent among the populace.
Title: S.W.A.T.: Firefight | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Los Angeles S.W.A.T. officer, Lt. Paul Cutler, is sent to train the Detroit S.W.A.T. team on new anti-terrorism and homeland security techniques. Cutler has a hard time settling into his assignment as he locks horns with his new captain and encounters resistance from the team he must lead. Cutler begins to adjust to his new assignment, starting a budding romance with police psychologist Kim Byers along the way. Unexpectedly, a routine hostage call turns deadly, and a relentless ex-government agent named Walter Hatch vows revenge on Cutler and the entire S.W.A.T. team for killing the woman he loves. Cutler must use his considerable S.W.A.T. training and knowledge to save his teammates and defeat a trained killer.
Title: Delivery Man | Genres: comedy | Overview: An affable underachiever finds out he's fathered 533 children through anonymous donations to a fertility clinic 20 years ago. Now he must decide whether or not to come forward when 142 of them file a lawsuit to reveal his identity.
Title: Good People | Genres: thriller, crime, action | Overview: Tom and Anna Wright, a young American couple, fall into severe debt while renovating Anna's family home in London. As the couple faces the loss of their dream to have a house and start a family, they discover that the tenant in the apartment below them is dead, and he's left behind a stash of cash—$400,000 worth. Though initially hesitant, Tom and Anna decide that the plan is simple: all they have to do is quietly take the money and use only what's necessary to get them out of debt. But when they start spending the money and can't seem to stop, they find themselves the target of a deadly adversary—the thief who stole it—and that's when very bad things start happening to good people.
Title: Minions: Home Makeover | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: A social worker is coming to Gru's house to check if it's suitable for children. Margo, Edith, Agnes and the Minions must take care of the situation.
"Title: Superman: Unbound | Genres: animation, action, adventure | Overview: Superman and Supergirl take on the cybernetic being known as Brainiac, who boasts that he possesses ""the knowledge and strength of 10,000 worlds."""
Title: Pokémon the Movie: White - Victini and Zekrom | Genres: animation, family, adventure, drama, fantasy | Overview: The Kingdom of the People of the Earth once ruled over the land, but now all that remains is the Sword of the Earth. in the city of Eindoak. Satoshi, Iris, and Dent arrive in Eindoak during a harvest festival's Pokémon Tournament and meet the legendary Pokémon Victini who wishes to share its powers of victory to someone. Elsewhere in the city, a descendant of the People of the Earth named Dred Grangil has arrived who seeks to revive the kingdom's power with the Sword of the Earth, bringing them back into power over the land, and Satoshi and his friends must stop him before he destroys the land along with Victini.
"Title: Coyote Ugly | Genres: comedy, drama, music, romance | Overview: Graced with a velvet voice, 21-year-old Violet Sanford heads to New York to pursue her dream of becoming a songwriter only to find her aspirations sidelined by the accolades and notoriety she receives at her ""day"" job as a barmaid at Coyote Ugly. The ""Coyotes"" as they are affectionately called tantalize customers and the media alike with their outrageous antics, making Coyote Ugly the watering hole for guys on the prowl."
Title: Eight Legged Freaks | Genres: action, comedy, horror, thriller | Overview: The residents of a rural mining town discover that an unfortunate chemical spill has caused hundreds of little spiders to mutate overnight to the size of SUVs. It's then up to mining engineer Chris McCormack and Sheriff Sam Parker to mobilize an eclectic group of townspeople, including the Sheriff's young son, Mike, her daughter, Ashley, and paranoid radio announcer Harlan, into battle against the bloodthirsty eight-legged beasts.
Title: The Lizzie McGuire Movie | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: Lizzie McGuire has graduated from middle school and takes a trip to Rome, Italy with her class. And what was supposed to be only a normal trip, becomes a teenager's dream come true.
Title: The Pink Panther | Genres: comedy, family, mystery, crime, adventure, action | Overview: When the coach of the France soccer team is killed by a poisoned dart in the stadium in the end of a game, and his expensive and huge ring with the diamond Pink Panther disappears, the ambitious Chief Inspector Dreyfus assigns the worst police inspector Jacques Clouseau to the case.
Title: Sahara | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: A young cobra and his scorpion best friend go on a journey across the Sahara desert to save a new-found love.
Title: Leal | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: Former Colonel Fernandez is appointed Minister of the National Anti-Drug Agency (SENAD) and purges the special forces to fight the first of many battles against drug trafficking on the border of Paraguay and Argentina.
"Title: Battle Royale | Genres: drama, thriller, action | Overview: In the future, the Japanese government captures a class of ninth-grade students and forces them to kill each other under the revolutionary ""Battle Royale"" act."
"Title: For a Few Dollars More | Genres: western | Overview: Two bounty hunters are in pursuit of ""El Indio,"" one of the most wanted fugitives in the western territories, and his gang."
Title: Trippin’ with the Kandasamys | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: To rekindle their marriages, best friends-turned-in-laws Shanthi and Jennifer plan a couples' getaway. But it comes with all kinds of surprises.
Title: Paprika | Genres: animation, drama, mystery, science fiction, thriller, fantasy | Overview: When a machine that allows therapists to enter their patient's dreams is stolen, all hell breaks loose. Only a young female therapist can stop it: Paprika.
Title: Goodnight Mommy | Genres: drama, horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: In the heat of the summer lays a lonesome house in the countryside where nine year old twin brothers await their mother’s return. When she comes home, bandaged after cosmetic surgery, nothing is like before and the children start to doubt whether this woman is actually who she says she is.
Title: Lust, Caution | Genres: action, drama, romance, thriller | Overview: During World War II, a secret agent must seduce then assassinate an official who works for the Japanese puppet government in Shanghai. Her mission becomes clouded when she finds herself falling in love with the man she is assigned to kill.
Title: Sinner: The Secret Diary of a Nymphomaniac | Genres: drama | Overview: Linda comes to the big city in search of fun and excitement. What she finds is exploitation and abuse at the hands of a succession of sleazy guys. Searching for love, she enters into a lesbian relationship with a beautiful countess, discovers drugs and swingers' parties and starts acting in porno movies. She also begins to write a secret diary... With a cast of some of the most stunning Euro actresses of the period, wall-to-wall sex and nudity, pot parties, porno shoots and a psychedelic soundtrack, this is a gem of 1970s exploitation cinema from Jess Franco. Street scenes shot in Benidorm (Alicante, Spain) and Las Palmas (Gran Canaria, Spain).
Title: Frozen | Genres: thriller | Overview: When three skiers find themselves stranded on a chair lift at a New England ski resort that has closed for the next week, they are forced to make life or death choices that prove to be more perilous than staying put and freezing to death.
Title: Gabriel's Inferno Part III | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: The final part of the film adaption of the erotic romance novel Gabriel's Inferno written by an anonymous Canadian author under the pen name Sylvain Reynard.
Title: Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer | Genres: animation, family, tv movie | Overview: Sam the snowman tells us the story of a young red-nosed reindeer who, after being ousted from the reindeer games because of his glowing nose, teams up with Hermey, an elf who wants to be a dentist, and Yukon Cornelius, the prospector. They run into the Abominable Snowman and find a whole island of misfit toys. Rudoph vows to see if he can get Santa to help the toys, and he goes back to the North Pole on Christmas Eve. But Santa's sleigh is fogged in. But when Santa looks over Rudolph, he gets a very bright idea...
Title: The Birds | Genres: horror | Overview: Chic socialite Melanie Daniels enjoys a passing flirtation with an eligible attorney in a San Francisco pet shop and, on an impulse, follows him to his hometown bearing a gift of lovebirds. But upon her arrival, the bird population runs amok. Suddenly, the townsfolk face a massive avian onslaught, with the feathered fiends inexplicably attacking people all over Bodega Bay.
Title: From Hell | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: Frederick Abberline is an opium-huffing inspector from Scotland Yard who falls for one of Jack the Ripper's prostitute targets in this Hughes brothers adaption of a graphic novel that posits the Ripper's true identity.
"Title: Women's Prison Massacre | Genres: action, drama | Overview: Emanuelle, a reporter, comes just a little too close to exposing a corrupt official, and is sent to prison on trumped-up charges. In the prison, the inmates are constantly humiliated and tortured by the prison staff. Overly affectionate prisoners are forced underwater, while others are obliged to look on. Emanuelle finds an enemy in the deranged Albina, who ""runs the prison."" For the pleasure of the warden, Emanuelle and Albina are forced to fight each other with knives. Bad becomes worse when four men awaiting execution escape and take over the prison. Gore flows like water."
Title: Suspiria | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Young American dancer Susie Bannion arrives in 1970s Berlin to audition for the world-renowned Helena Markos Dance Company. When she vaults to the role of lead dancer, the woman she replaces breaks down and accuses the company's female directors of witchcraft. Meanwhile, an inquisitive psychotherapist and a member of the troupe uncover dark and sinister secrets as they probe the depths of the studio's hidden underground chambers.
Title: The Pagemaster | Genres: family, fantasy, science fiction, animation | Overview: Tyler knows a lot about accidents. So much so, he is scared to do anything that might endanger him, like riding his bike, or climbing into his treehouse. While in an old library, he is mystically transported into the unknown world of books, and he has to try and get home again.
Title: Besties | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The life of Nedjma, a teenager who lives in Paris with her mother and her little sister, is turned upside down the summer she meets Zina.
Title: Nappily Ever After | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: After an accident at the hair salon, Violet realizes she's not living life to the fullest. A soulful barber helps her put the pieces back together.
Title: Black Water | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A deep cover operative awakens to find himself imprisoned on a submarine. With the help of a fellow prisoner and an amateur agent, he must race against the clock to escape the vessel and expose who set him up.
Title: Being John Malkovich | Genres: comedy, drama, fantasy | Overview: One day at work, unsuccessful puppeteer Craig finds a portal into the head of actor John Malkovich. The portal soon becomes a passion for anybody who enters its mad and controlling world of overtaking another human body.
Title: The Monkey King 3 | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: The third installment of the blockbuster fantasy series sees the return of the Monkey King (Aaron Kwok) in his most action-packed adventure yet! While continuing their epic journey to the West, the Monkey King and his companions are taken captive by the Queen of an all-female land, who believes them to be part of an ancient prophecy heralding the fall of her kingdom. With a lot of sorcery and a little bit of charm, the travelers devise a plan to escape. But when their trickery angers the mighty River God, they realize they might just bring about the foretold destruction - unless they can find a way to quell her wrath.
"Title: Megamind: The Button of Doom | Genres: animation, action, comedy, family | Overview: For their first day on the job as the new protectors of Metro City, Megamind and Minion are selling off the gadgets from their evil lair. But when one seemingly harmless ""button"" unleashes the gigantic robot MEGA-MEGAmind, the duo will have to resort to their old tricks to restore order."
Title: Pushpa: The Rise - Part 1 | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: Pushpa Raj is a coolie who rises in the world of red sandalwood smuggling. Along the way, he doesn’t shy from making an enemy or two.
Title: Melancholia | Genres: drama, science fiction | Overview: Two sisters find their already strained relationship challenged as a mysterious new planet threatens to collide with Earth.
Title: Winnie the Pooh: Springtime with Roo | Genres: family, animation | Overview: Spring has sprung, and baby Roo is excited to get out and explore and make new friends. But Rabbit seems preoccupied with spring cleaning, instead of embracing his usual role of playing Easter Bunny. Leave it to Roo to show Rabbit -- through love -- that it's more important who you love and not who's in charge.
Title: Good on Paper | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: After years of putting her career ahead of love, stand-up comic Andrea Singer has stumbled upon the perfect guy. On paper, he checks all the boxes but is he everything he appears to be?
Title: Dracula: Dead and Loving It | Genres: comedy, horror, fantasy | Overview: When a lawyer shows up at the vampire's doorstep, he falls prey to his charms and joins him in his search for fresh blood. Enter Professor Van Helsing, who may be the only one able to vanquish the Count.
Title: The Princess Switch: Switched Again | Genres: family, romance, comedy | Overview: When Duchess Margaret unexpectedly inherits the throne & hits a rough patch with Kevin, it’s up to Stacy to save the day before a new lookalike — party girl Fiona — foils their plans.
Title: Mirrors | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller, drama | Overview: An ex-cop and his family are the target of an evil force that is using mirrors as a gateway into their home.
Title: Dreamcatcher | Genres: drama, horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Four boyhood pals perform a heroic act and are changed by the powers they gain in return. Years later, on a hunting trip in the Maine woods, they're overtaken by a vicious blizzard that harbors an ominous presence. Challenged to stop an alien force, the friends must first prevent the slaughter of innocent civilians by a military vigilante ... and then overcome a threat to the bond that unites the four of them.
Title: The Last of the Mohicans | Genres: action, adventure, drama, history, romance, war | Overview: In war-torn Colonial America, in the midst of a bloody battle between British, the French and Native American allies, Cora Munro, the aristocratic daughter of a British Colonel and her party are captured by a group of Huron warriors. Fortunately, a group of three Mohican trappers, including Hawkeye, a rugged frontiersman and the adopted son of the Mohicans comes to their rescue. A passionate romance soon blossoms between Cora and Hawkeye, but many forces test their love as they continue to journey through the Frontier.
Title: New Initial D the Movie - Legend 2: Racer | Genres: animation, drama, action | Overview: The planned film trilogy retells the beginning of the story from Shuuichi Shigeno's original car-racing manga. High school student Takumi Fujiwara works as a gas station attendant during the day and a delivery boy for his father's tofu shop during late nights. Little does he know that his precise driving skills and his father's modified Toyota Sprinter AE86 Trueno make him the best amateur road racer on Mt. Akina's highway. Because of this, racing groups from all over the Gunma prefecture issue challenges to Takumi to see if he really has what it takes to be a road legend.
Title: True Story | Genres: crime, drama, history | Overview: A drama centered around the relationship between journalist Michael Finkel and Christian Longo, an FBI Most Wanted List murderer who for years lived outside the U.S. under Finkel's name.
Title: Secret Obsession | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Newlywed Jennifer is brutally attacked at a dark rest stop. While healing from her injuries, she can’t recall anything from her past, including the ordeal. Her husband, Russell , is just thankful she’s alive and eager to get her home. As he reintroduces her to their secluded mountain estate, Detective Page pursues Jennifer’s assailant — his own daughter went missing and was never found. The same fate now awaits Jennifer, unless someone realizes that her loving caretaker is actually her captor.
Title: How to Train Your Dragon: Snoggletog Log | Genres: animation, family | Overview: When Hiccup and Toothless begin sharing stories of their special relationship with their respective families as they prepare for the Snoggletog Festival, it quickly becomes clear that the new generation of Vikings don’t remember the bond between dragon and human.
Title: Pokémon: Mewtwo Returns | Genres: animation, family, action, adventure, drama, fantasy | Overview: Satoshi, Kasumi, and Takeshi continue exploring the Johto region, then have to rescue Pikachu after Musashi and Kojiro kidnap him. The search leads them to the hidden plateau where Mewtwo has established a haven for the cloned Pokémon from the previous film. The evil Sakaki is plotting to recapture Mewtwo and renew his efforts to create an army of bio-engineered Pokémon. Aided by the reluctant Nyarth, Ash and his friends defeat Sakaki and his henchman.
Title: See for Me | Genres: thriller | Overview: When blind former skier Sophie cat-sits in a secluded mansion, three thieves invade for the hidden safe. Sophie's only defense is army veteran Kelly, who she meets on the See For Me app. Kelly helps Sophie defend herself against the invaders and survive.
Title: Gintama the Movie: The Final Chapter - Be Forever Yorozuya | Genres: action, comedy, science fiction, animation | Overview: What would have happened if the Shiroyasha never existed? Edo is thrown to chaos by a mysterious cause. Sakata Gintoki, now lives in a world where the future has changed, without him. What has happened to the Yorozuya? Gintoki, who is now a ghost of the past, must once again carry the burden in order to save his friends. He must finish the biggest job ever, which may be the final job of Yorozuya.
Title: Clash of the Titans | Genres: action, adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: To win the right to marry his love, the beautiful princess Andromeda, and fulfil his destiny, Perseus must complete various tasks including taming Pegasus, capturing Medusa's head, and battling the Kraken monster.
Title: The House That Jack Built | Genres: drama, horror, crime, thriller | Overview: Failed architect, engineer and vicious murderer Jack narrates the details of some of his most elaborately orchestrated crimes, each of them a towering piece of art that defines his life's work as a serial killer for twelve years.
Title: Equilibrium | Genres: action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: In a dystopian future, a totalitarian regime maintains peace by subduing the populace with a drug, and displays of emotion are punishable by death. A man in charge of enforcing the law rises to overthrow the system.
Title: Saul: The Journey to Damascus | Genres: drama | Overview: Known as Saul the Butcher, the stoning of Stephen was said to have shattered Saul's faith in the Temple and its denial of Christ as the Messiah. His conversion to Christianity and baptism as Paul changed the history of the world.
Title: Triangle | Genres: horror | Overview: When Jess sets sail on a yacht with a group of friends, she cannot shake the feeling that there is something wrong. Her suspicions are realized when the yacht hits a storm and the group is forced to board a passing ocean liner to get to safety, a ship Jess is convinced she’s been on before.
Title: Enemy of the State | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: A hotshot Washington criminal lawyer becomes the target of a rogue security executive videotaped in the act of murdering a congressman when the incriminating tape is surreptitiously slipped into his shopping bag by the videographer, who is fleeing the executive's assassins.
Title: Police Academy 2: Their First Assignment | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Officer Carey Mahoney and his cohorts have finally graduated from the Police Academy and are about to hit the streets on their first assignment. Question is, are they ready to do battle with a band of graffiti-tagging terrorists? Time will tell, but don't sell short this cheerful band of doltish boys in blue.
Title: The Condemned 2 | Genres: action | Overview: A former bounty hunter who finds himself on the run as part of a revamped Condemned tournament, in which convicts are forced to fight each other to the death as part of a game that's broadcast to the public.
Title: Outbreak | Genres: action, drama, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A deadly airborne virus finds its way into the USA and starts killing off people at an epidemic rate. Col Sam Daniels' job is to stop the virus spreading from a small town, which must be quarantined, and to prevent an over reaction by the White House.
Title: Where the Heart Is | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Novalee Nation is a 17-year-old Tennessee transient who has to grow up in a hurry when she's left pregnant and abandoned by her boyfriend on a roadside, and takes refuge in the friendly aisles of Wal-Mart. Eventually, some eccentric but kindly strangers 'adopt' Novalee and her infant daughter, helping them buck the odds and build a new life.
Title: The Pink Panther | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: The trademark of The Phantom, a renowned jewel thief, is a glove left at the scene of the crime. Inspector Clouseau, an expert on The Phantom's exploits, feels sure that he knows where The Phantom will strike next and leaves Paris for the Tyrolean Alps, where the famous Lugashi jewel 'The Pink Panther' is going to be. However, he does not know who The Phantom really is, or for that matter who anyone else really is...
Title: Guns Akimbo | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: An ordinary guy suddenly finds himself forced to fight a gladiator-like battle for a dark website that streams the violence for viewers. Miles must fight heavily armed Nix and also save his kidnapped ex-girlfriend.
Title: The Post | Genres: drama, history | Overview: A cover-up that spanned four U.S. Presidents pushed the country's first female newspaper publisher and a hard-driving editor to join an unprecedented battle between journalist and government. Inspired by true events.
Title: Hands of Stone | Genres: drama | Overview: The legendary Roberto Duran and his equally legendary trainer Ray Arcel change each other's lives.
Title: Ghost in the Shell Arise - Border 3: Ghost Tears | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: Posing as lovers on vacation, Motoko and Batou work to try to stop a terrorist organization whose symbol is the Scrasath. Meanwhile, Togusa investigates a murder of a man who possessed a prosthetic leg manufactured by the Mermaid's Leg corporation.
Title: Secret Window | Genres: mystery, thriller | Overview: Mort Rainey, a writer just emerging from a painful divorce with his ex-wife, is stalked at his remote lake house by a psychotic stranger and would-be scribe who claims Rainey swiped his best story idea. But as Rainey endeavors to prove his innocence, he begins to question his own sanity.
Title: School of Rock | Genres: comedy, music, family | Overview: Fired from his band and hard up for cash, guitarist and vocalist Dewey Finn finagles his way into a job as a fifth-grade substitute teacher at a private school, where he secretly begins teaching his students the finer points of rock 'n' roll. The school's hard-nosed principal is rightly suspicious of Finn's activities. But Finn's roommate remains in the dark about what he's doing.
Title: Tender Cousins | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Teenage Julien loves his teenage cousin Julia among flowers in summer of '39 France.
Title: Mirage | Genres: science fiction, thriller, drama, romance, mystery | Overview: During a mysterious thunderstorm, Vera, a young mother, manages to save a life in danger, but her good deed causes a disturbing chain of unexpected consequences.
Title: Our Friend | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: After learning that his terminally ill wife has six months to live, a man welcomes the support of his best friend who moves into their home to help out.
"Title: Blood-C: The Last Dark | Genres: action, horror, science fiction, animation | Overview: Tokyo, Winter. Despite the use of the Youth Ordinance Bill to enforce curfews for minors and regulate the use of the Internet, young people continue to fight for their own freedom through underground methods. One such group calls themselves Surat. They have decided to take on Fumito Nanahara, a man who has great influence on the political world, and basically controls Tokyo with an iron fist. While using the Internet as a weapon to discover more information about Fumito, they learn about ""Tower"", the secret organization behind Fumito which engages in human experimentation."
Title: Scooby-Doo! & Batman: The Brave and the Bold | Genres: animation, comedy, action, family | Overview: Scooby-Doo and the Mystery Inc. gang meet up with Batman and other friends to defeat evil villains and save the day.
Title: Zero Dark Thirty | Genres: thriller, drama, history | Overview: A chronicle of the decade-long hunt for al-Qaeda terrorist leader Osama bin Laden after the September 2001 attacks, and his death at the hands of the Navy S.E.A.L. Team 6 in May, 2011.
Title: Unhinged | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A divorced mother honks impatiently at a deranged middle-aged stranger at a red light while running late on her way to work. His road rage escalates to horrifyingly psychotic proportions as he becomes single-mindedly determined to teach her a deadly lesson for provoking him.
Title: Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie | Genres: adventure, fantasy, animation, action, comedy, thriller, science fiction, family | Overview: After the conclusion of the Battle City Tournament, deep below the sands of Egypt, an ancient evil has awakened. Anubis, who was defeated centuries ago by Yugi’s mysterious alter ego – the ancient Pharaoh – has returned for revenge. Wielding the power of the Eighth Millennium Item, Anubis is determined to destroy Yugi and take over the world.
Title: Pokémon: Lucario and the Mystery of Mew | Genres: family, adventure, animation, fantasy, action, science fiction | Overview: In the legendary past, before Poké Balls were invented, an aura-guiding hero Pokémon named Lucario sensed two groups of armies about to clash, and a threat of a massive war in front of Oldoran Castle in Kanto that would leave no survivors. He transferred this message to his master, the legendary hero Arlon, while he was being attacked by a violent group of Hellgar. During the battle, his sense of sight was lost and he was rendered unable to see. He used the detection of his Aura, and so with the offensive Wave Bomb, he eliminated them. Though by the threat, the queen of Rota, Lady Rin was resolute to die with her civilians, and so Arlon made a choice.
Title: Phineas and Ferb: The Movie: Across the 2nd Dimension | Genres: animation, comedy, family, tv movie, music, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Phineas and Ferb get trapped in an alternate dimension where the evil Doofenshmirtz rules the tri-state area. They must find a way back home with the help of their pet platypus named Perry, who they discover is a secret agent.
Title: While You Were Sleeping | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: A transit worker pulls commuter Peter off railway tracks after he's mugged, but—while he's in a coma—his family mistakenly thinks she's Peter's fiancée, and she doesn't correct them. Things get more complicated when she falls for his brother, who's not quite sure that she's who she claims to be.
Title: In Full Bloom | Genres: action, drama | Overview: Set shortly after the end of World War II, a philosophical boxing drama of two fighters from opposite worlds (USA and Japan) who are pulled together for a questionable fight arranged by their unscrupulous managers and the Yakuza.
Title: Gantz:O | Genres: science fiction, action, animation | Overview: Somewhere in Tokyo, there is a room. In that room is a black sphere. Periodically, people who should otherwise have died are transferred to the room. There, the sphere gives them special suits and weapons, and sends them out on a mission to kill aliens here on Earth. While these missions take place, the rest of the world is largely oblivious to them. These missions are lethal - few participants survive them. The sphere calls the shots, and it's not the slightest bit nice. Its name... Gantz.
Title: Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: An assassin is shot and almost killed by her ruthless employer, Bill, and other members of their assassination circle – but she lives to plot her vengeance. Kill Bill: The Whole Bloody Affair is a complete edit of the two-part martial arts action films Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and Kill Bill: Vol. 2. The film was originally scheduled to be released as one part. However, due to the film's over 4 hour running time, it was split into two parts.
Title: Cell | Genres: horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: When a strange signal pulsates through all cell phone networks worldwide, it starts a murderous epidemic of epic proportions when users become bloodthirsty creatures, and a group of people in New England are among the survivors to deal with the ensuing chaos after.
Title: Corpse Party | Genres: horror, mystery, science fiction | Overview: Facing goodbyes and graduation, Naomi Nakashima, her childhood friend Satoshi Mochida, and their classmates, are clearing up after their last ever cultural festival, when horror buff class representative Ayumi Shinozaki decides to perform Sachiko Ever After so they will stay friends forever. Instead, they were whisked away to a haunted graduation ceremony for Heavenly Host Elementary School, forced to close after a series of gruesome murders. What fate awaits Naomi and her friends at the cursed school...?
Title: Bastille Day | Genres: action | Overview: Michael Mason is an American pickpocket living in Paris who finds himself hunted by the CIA when he steals a bag that contains more than just a wallet. Sean Briar, the field agent on the case, soon realises that Michael is just a pawn in a much bigger game and is also his best asset to uncover a large-scale conspiracy.
Title: Jamon Jamon | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Jose Luis is an executive at his parents underwear factory where his girlfriend Sylvia works on the shop floor. When Sylvia becomes pregnant, Jose Luis promises her that he will marry her, most likely against the wishes of his parents. Jose Luis' mother is determined to break her son's engagement to a girl from a lower-class family, and hires Raul, a potential underwear model and would-be bullfighter to seduce Sylvia.
Title: Behaving Badly | Genres: comedy | Overview: Teenager Rick Stevens is willing to do whatever it takes to win the heart of Nina Pennington. He'll have to deal with his best friend's horny mom, a drug abusing boss and even the mob if he ever hopes to land the girl of his dreams. Love is never easy!
Title: La campagne de France | Genres: documentary | Overview: Preuilly-sur-Claise, a small village in the south of Indre-et-Loire, March 2020. As in each of the 36,000 municipalities in France, the Preuillaciens will elect their new mayor. There are three on the starting line: Jean-Paul, the veteran, Patrick the outsider and Mathieu, the last minute guest. Fantastic and intrepid, this one intends to thwart all the forecasts. Especially since there is Guy on her list. An old politician.
Title: Paper Lives | Genres: drama | Overview: In the streets of Istanbul, ailing waste warehouse worker Mehmet takes a small boy under his wing and must soon confront his own traumatic childhood.
Title: 7 Guardians of the Tomb | Genres: action, adventure, horror | Overview: An innocent discovery of a well-preserved mummified Emperor from 200 BC China unearths a 2000 year old nightmare - a secret that should have remained buried.
Title: I, Frankenstein | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: 200 years after his shocking creation, Dr. Frankenstein's creature, Adam, still walks the earth. But when he finds himself in the middle of a war over the fate of humanity, Adam discovers he holds the key that could destroy humankind.
Title: mother! | Genres: drama, horror, mystery | Overview: A couple's relationship is tested when uninvited guests arrive at their home, disrupting their tranquil existence.
Title: Kingmaker | Genres: drama | Overview: Dreaming of changing the world, SEO Chang-dae takes part in KIM Woon-bum’s political campaign. To resist the current dictatorial ruling party, SEO adopts a very aggressive propaganda campaign, and it makes KIM become the strongest candidate in the opposition party. When ambitious SEO believes that unjustified means is necessary for politics, KIM has a firm belief that it is not real politics. While their conflict deepens, the ruling party secretly contacts SEO to win the next presidential election.
Title: Nice Sister-In-Law | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Ha-yeong is a successful psychologist. One day she gets a secretive request from her sister Ha-joo. Apparently Ha-joo's husband Woo-seong is refusing to have sex. Ha-yeong agrees to be their couple therapist but finds out that her brother-in-law actually has sexual desires for her and not her sister...
Title: Swallow | Genres: drama, history, thriller, crime | Overview: Set in the 1980s, Tolani Ajao is a bank secretary in Lagos, who finds herself persuaded by her friend Rose Adamson to enter the world of drug trafficking.
Title: Wild Things | Genres: mystery, thriller, drama | Overview: When teen-socialite Kelly Van Ryan and troubled bad girl Suzie Toller accuse guidance counselor Sam Lombardo of rape, he's suspended by the school, rejected by the town, and fighting to get his life back. One cop suspects conspiracy, but nothing is what it seems...
Title: Moonlight | Genres: drama | Overview: The tender, heartbreaking story of a young man’s struggle to find himself, told across three defining chapters in his life as he experiences the ecstasy, pain, and beauty of falling in love, while grappling with his own sexuality.
"Title: Rick and Morty vs Genocider | Genres: animation | Overview: Rick leaves Morty at the Citadel of Ricks, and heads for Tokyo. The Citadel, under the control of Evil Morty, tell Morty that Rick is being hunted by a group called the ""Genociders"". They are destroying life by changing memories, with the intention that only Rick will be left at the end. However, the Genociders are really the Citadel themselves, who are hunting Rick. Meanwhile Morty travels to Tokyo to find Rick."
Title: P.O. Box Tinto Brass | Genres: comedy | Overview: This film is a series of letters, photos and video cassettes which women often send in to certain newspapers. By visualizing their story-telling (the name given by the psychologists to their fantasies) the film portrays the confessions, the secret longings, the adventures, recollections, dreams, desires and fantasies of these women. It is an open secret that most women dream of forbidden affairs, secret lovers and hasty encounters but when it comes down to it they lack the courage to pursue their dreams.
Title: Dragons Forever | Genres: action, comedy, romance | Overview: A hot-shot lawyer is hired by a Hong Kong chemical plant to dispose of opposition to their polluting ways. But when he falls for a beautiful woman out to stop the plant, he is torn in a conflict of interest and asks his trusty friends Samo and Biao to help out at least until they discover the true purpose of the plant.
"Title: Belle's Magical World | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Belle, the Beast, Lumiere, Cogsworth and the rest of those zany castle residents use their imaginations to embark on three magical, storybook adventures. This direct-to-video anthology serves as a ""sequel"" to Disney's animated hit film. In ""The Perfect World,"" Belle and the Beast learn about forgiveness. In ""Fifi's Folly,"" Lumiere's girlfriend is jealous of his bond with Belle. And in ""Broken Wing,"" the Beast learns to be kind to an injured bird."
Title: Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust | Genres: animation, fantasy, horror, action | Overview: D has been hired to track down Meier Link, a notoriously powerful vampire who has abducted a woman, Charlotte Elbourne. D's orders are strict - find Charlotte, at any cost. For the first time, D faces serious competition. The Markus Brothers, a family of Vampire Hunters, were hired for the same bounty. D Must intercept Meier and conquer hostile forces on all sides in a deadly race against time.
Title: Interstate 60 | Genres: adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: An aspiring painter meets various characters and learns valuable lessons while traveling across America.
Title: Snow White: A Tale of Terror | Genres: fantasy, horror | Overview: When young Lili's mother dies in childbirth, her father remarries Lady Claudia, a woman ruled by an evil mirror with the power to make her queen of all living things. After escaping an attempt on her life, Lili finds herself lost in a dark forest, where living happily ever after seems unlikely.
Title: Scars 2 | Genres: drama | Overview: Diana Golden and Martha Ortiz are the stars of this shocking video in which Juan Carlos; one of the characters learned that being a true macho is imposing your will on others regardless of whether it destroys dignity or feelings. He himself witnessed the mistreatment and outrageous life that his mother suffered as a wife and woman because of his father's machismo. This chain of machismo almost destroyed her life and that of her family. But God has mercy on his life and Juan Carlos finds Jesus and a new life: that of a man transformed into the image of the true man of Christ Jesus.
Title: National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation | Genres: comedy | Overview: It's Christmastime, and the Griswolds are preparing for a family seasonal celebration. But things never run smoothly for Clark, his wife Ellen, and their two kids. Clark's continual bad luck is worsened by his obnoxious family guests, but he manages to keep going, knowing that his Christmas bonus is due soon.
Title: The Cloverfield Paradox | Genres: horror, science fiction, action, thriller | Overview: Orbiting above a planet on the brink of war, scientists test a device to solve an energy crisis and end up face-to-face with a dark alternate reality.
Title: 127 Hours | Genres: adventure, drama, thriller | Overview: The true story of mountain climber Aron Ralston's remarkable adventure to save himself after a fallen boulder crashes on his arm and traps him in an isolated canyon in Utah.
Title: Jackass 2.5 | Genres: comedy, documentary | Overview: The crew have now set off to finish what as left over from Jackass 2.0, and in this version they have Wee Man use a 'pee' gun on themselves, having a mini motor bike fracas in the grocery mall, a sperm test, a portly crew member disguised as King Kong, as well as include three episodes of their hilarious adventures in India.
Title: Long Shot | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Journalist Fred Flarsky reunites with his childhood crush, Charlotte Field, now one of the most influential women in the world. As she prepares to make a run for the Presidency, Charlotte hires Fred as her speechwriter — much to the dismay of her trusted advisers.
"Title: The Avengers | Genres: thriller, science fiction | Overview: British Ministry agent John Steed, under direction from ""Mother"", investigates a diabolical plot by arch-villain Sir August de Wynter to rule the world with his weather control machine. Steed investigates the beautiful Doctor Mrs. Emma Peel, the only suspect, but simultaneously falls for her and joins forces with her to combat Sir August."
Title: Carlito's Way | Genres: crime, thriller, romance, drama | Overview: A Puerto-Rican ex-con, just released from prison, pledges to stay away from drugs and violence despite the pressure around him, and lead a better life outside NYC.
Title: 1408 | Genres: horror | Overview: A man who specializes in debunking paranormal occurrences checks into the fabled room 1408 in the Dolphin Hotel. Soon after settling in, he confronts genuine terror.
Title: Portrait of a Lady on Fire | Genres: drama, history, romance | Overview: On an isolated island in Brittany at the end of the eighteenth century, a female painter is obliged to paint a wedding portrait of a young woman.
Title: The Last Exorcism | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: After years of performing “exorcisms” and taking believers’ money, Reverend Marcus travels to rural Louisiana with a film crew so he can dispel what he believes is the myth of demonic possession. The dynamic reverend is certain that this will be another routine “exorcism” on a disturbed religious fanatic but instead comes upon the blood-soaked farm of the Sweetzer family and a true evil he would have never thought imaginable.
Title: The Butterfly Effect 3: Revelations | Genres: science fiction, thriller, drama, crime | Overview: The story revolves around a man trying to uncover the mysterious death of his girlfriend and save an innocent man from the death chamber in the process, by using his unique power to time travel. However in attempting to do this, he also frees a spiteful serial-killer.
Title: Silent Night | Genres: horror, comedy, drama | Overview: Nell, Simon, and their boy Art are ready to welcome friends and family for what promises to be a perfect Christmas gathering. Perfect except for one thing: everyone is going to die.
Title: Charming | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, family, fantasy, music | Overview: Three fairy tale princesses find themselves engaged to the same guy, Prince Charming.
Title: Wolf Warrior | Genres: action, war | Overview: A Chinese special force soldier with extraordinary marksmanship is confronted by a group of deadly foreign mercenaries who are hired to assassinate him by a vicious drug lord.
Title: LEGO DC Comics Super Heroes: Justice League - Gotham City Breakout | Genres: animation, family, adventure, action, comedy | Overview: The caped crusader reluctantly agrees to let Batgirl and Nightwing take him on a long overdue vacation from crime-fighting, while Superman and the Justice League watch over Gotham City.
Title: Circle | Genres: science fiction, mystery, drama, thriller, horror | Overview: In a massive, mysterious chamber, fifty strangers awaken to find themselves trapped with no memory of how they got there. Organized in an inward-facing circle and unable to move, they quickly learn that every two minutes, one of them must die... executed by a strange device in the center of the room.
Title: Lady of the Manor | Genres: comedy, fantasy | Overview: An aimless ne'er-do-well becomes a tour guide in a historic estate and winds up befriending the manor's resident ghost.
Title: El Planeta | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Amidst the devastation of post-crisis Spain, mother and daughter bluff and grift to keep up the lifestyle they think they deserve, bonding over common tragedy and an impending eviction.
Title: Bowfinger | Genres: comedy | Overview: On the verge of bankruptcy and desperate for his big break, aspiring filmmaker Bobby Bowfinger concocts a crazy plan to make his ultimate dream movie. Rallying a ragtag team that includes a starry-eyed ingenue, a has-been diva and a film studio gofer, he sets out to shoot a blockbuster featuring the biggest star in Hollywood, Kit Ramsey -- only without letting Ramsey know he's in the picture.
"Title: KanColle Movie | Genres: action, animation, science fiction, tv movie, war | Overview: The movie starts off after the events of Episode 3, when Kisaragi had sunk. The Mikawa Fleet (Furutaka, Aoba, Kako, Kinugasa and Tenryuu) are in the middle of Night Battle. Choukai uses Searchlight and gets medium damage, but they win in the end. A New Fleet Girl gets ""dropped"", emerging from the sea. It is Kisaragi. Kisaragi is brought back to the temporary base in Solomon Islands, but she is suffering from PTSD and has amnesia, unable to remember anyone from back in the anime, excluding Mutsuki..."
Title: Wildling | Genres: horror, fantasy, thriller, drama | Overview: A young woman held in captivity discovers the realities of truth and lies in the outside world.
Title: V/H/S | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: When a group of misfits is hired by an unknown third party to burglarize a desolate house and acquire one rare VHS tape, they discover more found footage than they had bargained for.
Title: Mystic River | Genres: thriller, crime, drama, mystery | Overview: The lives of three men who were childhood friends are shattered when one of them has a family tragedy.
Title: Messengers 2: The Scarecrow | Genres: horror | Overview: The family man farmer John Rollins is stressed with his financial situation: the crows and the lack of irrigation are destroying his crop of corn; the bank is near closure of his mortgage; he does not have credit to fix the water pump or to buy seeds; and his marriage is in crisis and his wife Mary is giving too much attention to her friend Tommy. When John accidentally discovers a hidden compartment in the barn, he finds a creepy scarecrow but his son Michael makes him promise to destroy it. However, his neighbor Jude Weatherby visits him, gives a six-pack of beer to the abstemious John and convinces him to put the scarecrow in the cornfield. Out of the blue, the life of John changes: the crows die; the pump works again irrigating the land; and the banker responsible for the closure has an accident and dies. However, he feels that his land is possessed by something evil that is threatening his beloved family.
Title: Alive | Genres: adventure, drama, thriller | Overview: The amazing, true story of a Uruguayan rugby team's plane that crashed in the middle of the Andes mountains, and their immense will to survive and pull through alive, forced to do anything and everything they could to stay alive on meager rations and through the freezing cold.
Title: L.O.R.D: Legend of Ravaging Dynasties | Genres: animation, fantasy, drama, science fiction | Overview: Based on the novel of the same name, the film depicts the endless battles of four kingdoms as they fight for power and domination of the one ultimate realm.Based on his 2 beloved fantasy novels with 6 million copies sold, L.O.R.D is acclaimed writer and director Guo Jingming’s follow up to his Tiny Times films. The action-adventure odyssey is set in a world of warring Sorcerers, Lords and Beasts. The first CGI Film to come from China
Title: Teen Beach 2 | Genres: tv movie, family, comedy, fantasy | Overview: When characters from the movie musical “Wet Side Story” get stuck in the real world, teens Brady and Mack must find a way to return them home.
Title: Amy | Genres: documentary, music | Overview: A documentary on the life of Amy Winehouse, the immensely talented yet doomed songstress. We see her from her teen years, where she already showed her singing abilities, to her finding success and then her downward spiral into alcoholism and drugs.
Title: Tomorrow I Will Date With Yesterday's You | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Takatoshi Minamiyama majors in art at an university in Kyoto. On the train to the school, he sees Emi Fukuju and falls in love with her at first sight. Gathering up all his courage, he speaks to her. They begin to date and enjoy happy days together, but Emi reveals her secret to him.
Title: The Space Between Us | Genres: romance, adventure, science fiction, drama | Overview: A young man raised by scientists on Mars returns to Earth to find his father.
Title: Escape from L.A. | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, thriller | Overview: This time, a cataclysmic temblor hits Los Angeles, turning it into an island. The president views the quake as a sign from above, expels Los Angeles from the country and makes it a penal colony for those found guilty of moral crimes. When his daughter, part of a resistance movement, steals the control unit for a doomsday weapon, Snake again gets tapped to save the day.
Title: How It Ends | Genres: science fiction, thriller, mystery, action, adventure | Overview: A desperate father tries to return home to his pregnant wife after a mysterious apocalyptic event turns everything to chaos.
Title: My Night | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Marion faces Paris at night with a feeling of vulnerability linked to the loss of her sister. She crosses paths with Alex. Their encounter will evolve at the rhythm of their wanderings through the city, like a journey through the night.
Title: My Teacher, My Obsession | Genres: drama, thriller, tv movie | Overview: Riley is struggling to make friends after transferring to a new high school where her father, Chris, is an English teacher. When she meets Kyla, they quickly becomes close friends. However, the friendship takes a strange turn when Riley learns that Kyla is obsessed with her dad. Will Kyla successfully seduce Chris and start a twisted new life with him by removing everyone in her path, or will Riley be able to save her father from Kyla’s treacherous plot before it’s too late?
Title: My Little Pony: Equestria Girls: Friendship Games | Genres: animation, music, family | Overview: Canterlot High meets its rival school, Crystal Prep Academy, in a competition that’s a long-standing tradition – The Friendship Games. Sunset Shimmer is tasked with keeping magic out of the games to avoid the appearance of impropriety while she and her friends compete against Crystal Prep’s top students led by someone with an equal amount of interest in Equestrian magic – this world’s TWILIGHT SPARKLE.
Title: All Ladies Do It | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Diana is a Roman wife happily married to sympathetic Paolo but she is keen on playing benign games of seduction with other men while resisting the advances of chic lingerie shop owner Silvio. She narrates her adventures to Paolo in order to stimulate their otherwise monotonous sexual life. However, under the influence of her lesbian friend Antonietta and raunchy sister Nadia, Diana starts to move the ongoings further while Paolo is still prone to believing that events narrated by her are merely fantasies.
Title: Ferris Bueller's Day Off | Genres: comedy | Overview: After high school slacker Ferris Bueller successfully fakes an illness in order to skip school for the day, he goes on a series of adventures throughout Chicago with his girlfriend Sloane and best friend Cameron, all the while trying to outwit his wily school principal and fed-up sister.
Title: Gintama | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, science fiction | Overview: In an era where aliens have invaded and taken over feudal Tokyo, a young samurai finds work however he can.
Title: Midnight in Paris | Genres: fantasy, comedy, romance | Overview: A romantic comedy about a family traveling to the French capital for business. The party includes a young engaged couple forced to confront the illusion that a life different from their own is better.
Title: After We Leave | Genres: science fiction, drama | Overview: A sci-fi drama about a man struggling to find his wife, who he abandoned six years ago, before their visa to emmigrate to an off-world colony expires.
Title: Superwho? | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: Struggling actor Cedric seems doomed to lead the life of a loser. He's broke and his girlfriend has dumped him. Even his own father, sister and best buddies have lost faith in his ability to do anything worthwhile. Then finally, he gets a lead role: the superhero “Badman“. A chance to pull himself out of an endless downward spiral and gain his father's respect. But fate strikes again! Rushing off the set in full costume, Cedric has a car accident, loses his memory, and wakes up convinced he really is a superhero on mission! Confronted with real-life adventure and danger, his true nature is put to the test. Does he have what it takes to tackle the forces of evil, defend the weakest among us and beat the bad guys? But you can't just decide to be a hero, let alone a superhero... especially someone like Cedric!
Title: A Street Cat Named Bob | Genres: family, drama | Overview: James Bowen, a homeless busker and recovering drug addict, has his life transformed when he meets a stray ginger cat.
Title: Are We There Yet? | Genres: family, adventure, comedy, romance | Overview: The fledgling romance between Nick, a playboy bachelor, and Suzanne, a divorced mother of two, is threatened by a particularly harrowing New Years Eve. When Suzanne's work keeps her in Vancouver for the holiday, Nick offers to bring her kids to the city from Portland, Oregon. The kids, who have never liked any of the men their mom dates, are determined to turn the trip into a nightmare for Nick.
Title: The Wolf's Call | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: With nuclear war looming, a military expert in underwater acoustics strives to prove things aren't as they seem—or sound—using only his ears.
Title: Redcon-1 | Genres: action, horror, science fiction | Overview: After a zombie apocalypse spreads from a London prison, the UK is brought to its knees. The spread of the virus is temporarily contained but, without a cure, it’s only a matter of time before it breaks its boundaries and the biggest problem of all… any zombies with combat skills are now enhanced. With the South East of England quarantined from the rest of the world using fortified borders, intelligence finds that the scientist responsible for the outbreak is alive and well in London. With his recovery being the only hope of a cure, a squad of eight Special Forces soldiers is sent on a suicide mission to the city, now ruled by the undead, with a single task: get him out alive within 72 hours by any means necessary. What emerges is an unlikely pairing on a course to save humanity against ever-rising odds.
Title: Balkan Line | Genres: drama, action, war | Overview: After the NATO bombing of Yugoslavia in 1999, the Yugoslav army pulls out of Kosovo region, leaving Serbian people at the mercy of the Albanian UCK terrorists. A small band of soldiers must take over the Slatina airport, and hold it until the Russian peacekeepers arrive.
Title: Automata | Genres: thriller, science fiction | Overview: Jacq Vaucan, an insurance agent of ROC robotics corporation, routinely investigates the case of manipulating a robot. What he discovers will have profound consequences for the future of humanity.
Title: The Rescuers | Genres: fantasy, family, animation, adventure | Overview: What can two little mice possibly do to save an orphan girl who's fallen into evil hands? With a little cooperation and faith in oneself, anything is possible! As members of the mouse-run International Rescue Aid Society, Bernard and Miss Bianca respond to orphan Penny's call for help. The two mice search for clues with the help of an old cat named Rufus.
Title: Bean | Genres: comedy, family, adventure | Overview: Childlike Englishman, Mr. Bean, is an incompetent watchman at the Royal National Gallery. After the museum's board of directors' attempt to have him fired is blocked by the chairman, who has taken a liking to Bean, they send him to Los Angeles to act as their ambassador for the unveiling of a historic painting to humiliate him. Fooled, Mr. Bean must now successfully unveil the painting or risk his and a hapless Los Angeles curator's termination.
Title: The Christmas Chronicles | Genres: comedy, adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: Siblings Kate and Teddy try to prove Santa Claus is real, but when they accidentally cause his sleigh to crash, they have to save Christmas.
Title: Roman Holiday | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: Overwhelmed by her suffocating schedule, touring European princess Ann takes off for a night while in Rome. When a sedative she took from her doctor kicks in, however, she falls asleep on a park bench and is found by an American reporter, Joe Bradley, who takes her back to his apartment for safety. At work the next morning, Joe finds out Ann's regal identity and bets his editor he can get exclusive interview with her, but romance soon gets in the way.
Title: The Guns of Navarone | Genres: war, action | Overview: A team of allied saboteurs are assigned an impossible mission: infiltrate an impregnable Nazi-held island and destroy the two enormous long-range field guns that prevent the rescue of 2,000 trapped British soldiers.
Title: Nosferatu the Vampyre | Genres: drama, horror | Overview: Jonathan Harker, a real estate agent, goes to Transylvania to visit the mysterious Count Dracula and formalize the purchase of a property in Wismar. Once Jonathan is caught under his evil spell, Dracula travels to Wismar where he meets the beautiful Lucy, Jonathan's wife, while a plague spreads through the town, now ruled by death.
Title: Siklo | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A pastor's mistress and a delivery rider get engaged in a steamy affair. When their secrets are revealed, they have to face the consequences.
Title: Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Six years ago, Michael Myers terrorized the town of Haddonfield, Illinois. He and his niece, Jamie Lloyd, have disappeared. Jamie was kidnapped by a bunch of evil druids who protect Michael Myers. And now, six years later, Jamie has escaped after giving birth to Michael's child. She runs to Haddonfield to get Dr. Loomis to help her again.
Title: Whiteout | Genres: action, crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: The only U.S. Marshal assigned to Antarctica, Carrie Stetko will soon leave the harsh environment behind for good – in three days, the sun will set and the Amundsen-Scott Research Station will shut down for the long winter. When a body is discovered out on the open ice, Carrie's investigation into the continent's first homicide plunges her deep into a mystery that may cost her her own life.
Title: Abigail | Genres: adventure, fantasy, mystery | Overview: A young girl Abigail lives in a city whose borders were closed many years ago because of an epidemic of a mysterious disease. Abby's father was one of the sick - and he was taken when she was six years old. Going against the authorities to find his father, Abby learns that her city is actually full of magic. And she discovers in herself extraordinary magical abilities.
Title: Dragon Ball: The Magic Begins | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: This is a live-action version of the popular Japanese animated series Dragon Ball.
Title: End of Days | Genres: action, fantasy, horror, mystery | Overview: On 28 December 1999, the citizens of New York City are getting ready for the turn of the millennium. However, Satan decides to crash the party by coming to the city, inhabiting a man's body, and searching for his chosen bride—a 20-year-old woman named Christine York. The world will end, and the only hope lies within an atheist named Jericho Cane.
Title: The Butterfly Effect 2 | Genres: drama, science fiction, thriller | Overview: After his girlfriend, Julie, and two best friends are killed in a tragic auto accident, Nick struggles to cope with his loss and grief. Suffering from migraine-like seizures, Nick soon discovers that he has the power to change the past via his memories. However, his time-traveling attempts to alter the past and save his one true love have unexpected and dire consequences.
"Title: Soy Luna: The Last Concert | Genres: music, documentary | Overview: The ""Soy Luna"" cast bid farewell, live at the legendary Luna Park arena in Buenos Aires. All the intimacy backstage and a look back over the history of the series, from the first rehearsals, the shooting sessions and the tours, down to the final farewell of a series that has left its mark on millions of fans."
Title: Survivor | Genres: crime, action, thriller | Overview: A Foreign Service Officer in London tries to prevent a terrorist attack set to hit New York, but is forced to go on the run when she is framed for crimes she did not commit.
Title: Dracula Untold | Genres: horror, action, drama, fantasy, war | Overview: Vlad Tepes is a great hero, but when he learns the Sultan is preparing for battle and needs to form an army of 1,000 boys, he vows to find a way to protect his family. Vlad turns to dark forces in order to get the power to destroy his enemies and agrees to go from hero to monster as he's turned into the mythological vampire, Dracula.
Title: The Layover | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: When their plane is rerouted due to a hurricane warning, two single female best friends find themselves competing for the same guy during an extended layover in St. Louis.
Title: Emma. | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: In 1800s England, a well-meaning but selfish young woman meddles in the love lives of her friends.
Title: The Great Dictator | Genres: comedy, war | Overview: Dictator Adenoid Hynkel tries to expand his empire while a poor Jewish barber tries to avoid persecution from Hynkel's regime.
Title: You Are the Apple of My Eye | Genres: romance | Overview: Kosuke Mizushima is a high school student at a provincial city and enjoys a comfortable life. One day, due to Kosuke Mizushima's excessive joke, his class is interrupted. The teacher gets upset and makes model student Mai Hayase keep an eye on Kosuke Mizushima. Kosuke Mizushima and his 4 friends all had crushes on Mai when they were in middle school. Due to a small incident, Kosuke Mizushima and Mai Hayase get close.
Title: Something Borrowed | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Though Rachel is a successful attorney and a loyal, generous friend, she is still single. After one drink too many at her 30th-birthday celebration, Rachel unexpectedly falls into bed with her longtime crush, Dex -- who happens to be engaged to her best friend, Darcy. Ramifications of the liaison threaten to destroy the women's lifelong friendship, while Ethan, Rachel's confidant, harbors a potentially explosive secret of his own.
Title: Poltergeist II: The Other Side | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: The Freeling family move in with Diane's mother in an effort to escape the trauma and aftermath of Carol Anne's abduction by the Beast. But the Beast is not to be put off so easily and appears in a ghostly apparition as the Reverend Kane, a religeous zealot responsible for the deaths of his many followers. His goal is simple - he wants the angelic Carol Anne.
Title: Lupin the Third vs. Detective Conan: The Movie | Genres: animation, action, thriller | Overview: Conan Edogawa sets out to apprehend Lupin the Third, the suspect of stealing a jewel called Cherry Sapphire. (A sequel to the TV special Lupin the Third vs. Detective Conan, 2009.)
Title: Dororo | Genres: action, fantasy, horror, science fiction | Overview: Hyakkimaru, a warrior on a quest to reclaim 48 of his body parts which were each taken by a demon, is joined by Dororo, a thief on a quest to avenge the death of her parents.
Title: Tusk | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: When his best friend and podcast co-host goes missing in the backwoods of Canada, a young guy joins forces with his friend's girlfriend to search for him.
"Title: Oh, Ramona! | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Oh, Ramona! seeks the transformation of Andrew from a teenager into an adult who lives candidly and selflessly his first love story, innocent and uninvolved, alternating with the second, intense and insane story, incapable of making a choice. Oh, Ramona! is the cinematic rewriting of Andrei Ciobanu's book ""Suge-o, Ramona!""."
Title: Sherlock Gnomes | Genres: animation, family, fantasy, comedy, adventure, mystery | Overview: Garden gnomes, Gnomeo & Juliet, recruit renown detective, Sherlock Gnomes, to investigate the mysterious disappearance of other garden ornaments.
Title: Obsessed | Genres: drama, romance, adventure | Overview: In a Korean military camp in 1969, a married colonel falls madly in love with the beautiful wife of his new subordinate officer.
Title: Avengement | Genres: crime, action | Overview: While on a prison furlough, a lowly criminal evades his guards and returns to his old stomping ground to take revenge on the people who turned him into a cold blooded killer.
"Title: Towa no Quon 1: The Ephemeral Petals | Genres: action, animation, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: This story follows a boy named Quon and his friends, who are ""Attractors"". Attractors are human beings who have awakened and have supernatural powers. Quon is determined to save them all. But a secret organization is hunting them..."
Title: Shut In | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A widowed child psychologist lives in an isolated existence in rural New England. When caught in a deadly winter storm, she must find a way to rescue a young boy before he disappears forever.
Title: Singin' in the Rain | Genres: comedy, music, romance | Overview: In 1927 Hollywood, a silent film production company and cast make a difficult transition to sound.
Title: Before the Flood | Genres: documentary | Overview: A look at how climate change affects our environment and what society can do to prevent the demise of endangered species, ecosystems, and native communities across the planet.
Title: Survival Island | Genres: thriller, mystery, drama, romance | Overview: After a yachting accident, a millionaire and his wife are shipwrecked on a desert island along with their former deckhand, Manuel.
Title: Scent of a Woman | Genres: drama | Overview: Charlie Simms is a student at a private preparatory school who comes from a poor family. To earn the money for his flight home to Gresham, Oregon for Christmas, Charlie takes a job over Thanksgiving looking after retired U.S. Army officer Lieutenant Colonel Frank Slade, a cantankerous middle-aged man who lives with his niece and her family.
Title: Ghostheads | Genres: documentary | Overview: A documentary that explores the extreme side of the Ghostbusters fandom. Join us as we travel the world meeting extreme Ghostbusters fans. Every Ghosthead is unique. Every Franchise is its own. Every pop culture fandom should learn how to give back to the community.
Title: Young Adult | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A divorced writer from the Midwest returns to her hometown to reconnect with an old flame, who's now married with a family.
Title: Monster Hunt 2 | Genres: adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: The sequel to Monster Hunt. Set in a world where monsters and humans co-exist, the franchise tells the story of Wuba, a baby monster born to be king. Wuba becomes the central figure in stopping an all-out monster civil war.
Title: Serenity | Genres: thriller, mystery, drama | Overview: The quiet life of Baker Dill, a fishing boat captain who lives on the isolated Plymouth Island, where he spends his days obsessed with capturing an elusive tuna while fighting his personal demons, is interrupted when someone from his past comes to him searching for help.
Title: The Lives of Others | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A tragic love story set in East Berlin with the backdrop of an undercover Stasi controlled culture. Stasi captain Wieler is ordered to follow author Dreyman and plunges deeper and deeper into his life until he reaches the threshold of doubting the system.
Title: Madrid, 1987 | Genres: drama | Overview: Two characters: old and young; teacher and pupil; man and woman. Four walls within which they conjure intellectualism, relive the profession (journalism), explore politics and discover each other.
Title: Pelé | Genres: documentary | Overview: Against the backdrop of a turbulent era in Brazil, this documentary captures Pelé's extraordinary path from breakthrough talent to national hero. Mixing rare archival footage and exclusive interviews, this documentary celebrates the legendary Brazilian footballer who personified football as art.
Title: Yummy | Genres: horror, comedy, action | Overview: A young couple travels to a shabby Eastern European hospital for plastic surgery. The young woman wants a breast reduction. Her mother comes along for yet another face-lift. Wandering through an abandoned ward the boyfriend stumbles upon a young woman, gagged and strapped to an operating table; she is the result of an experimental rejuvenation treatment. He frees her, but does not realize he just caused the outbreak of a virus that will change doctors, patients and his mother-in-law into bloodthirsty zombies.
Title: The Amityville Horror | Genres: horror | Overview: George Lutz and his wife Kathleen, move into their Long Island dream house with their children only for their lives to be turned into a hellish nightmare. The legacy of a murder committed in the house gradually affects the family and a priest is brought in to try and exorcise the demonic presence from their home.
Title: Wer | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: A defense attorney begins to suspect that her client, who is charged with the murders of a vacationing family, might be more than meets the eye.
Title: Dante's Peak | Genres: action, adventure, thriller, drama | Overview: Volcanologist Harry Dalton comes to the sleepy town of Dante's Peak to investigate the recent rumblings of the dormant volcano the burg is named for. Before long, his worst fears are realized when a massive eruption hits, and immediately, Harry, the mayor and the townspeople find themselves fighting for their lives amid a catastrophic nightmare.
Title: Police Academy 4: Citizens on Patrol | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: A new batch of recruits arrives at Police Academy, this time a group of civilian volunteers who have joined Commandant Lassard's new Citizens on Patrol program. Although the community relations project has strong governmental support, a disgusted Captain Harris is determined to see it fail.
Title: From Dusk Till Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money | Genres: crime, action, horror, thriller | Overview: A gang of bank-robbing misfits heads to Mexico with the blueprints for the perfect million-dollar heist, but when one of the crooks wanders into the wrong bar... and crosses the wrong vampire... the thieving cohorts develop a thirst for blood!
Title: Tango & Cash | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, thriller | Overview: Ray Tango and Gabriel Cash are narcotics detectives who, while both being extremely successful, can't stand each other. Crime Lord Yves Perret, furious at the loss of income that Tango and Cash have caused him, frames the two for murder. Caught with the murder weapon on the scene of the crime, the two have no alibi. Thrown into prison with most of the criminals they helped convict, it appears that they are going to have to trust each other if they are to clear their names and catch the evil Perret.
Title: Vacancy 2: The First Cut | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: Three young people check into the Meadow View Inn for a night's rest, fully unaware of the inn's sick-minded employees and their nefarious intentions.
Title: Vivarium | Genres: science fiction, horror, mystery | Overview: A young woman and her fiancé are in search of the perfect starter home. After following a mysterious real estate agent to a new housing development, the couple finds themselves trapped in a maze of identical houses and forced to raise an otherworldly child.
Title: Arena | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: David Lord finds himself forced into the savage world of a modern gladiatorial arena, where men fight to the death for the entertainment of the online masses.
Title: Unforgiven | Genres: western | Overview: William Munny is a retired, once-ruthless killer turned gentle widower and hog farmer. To help support his two motherless children, he accepts one last bounty-hunter mission to find the men who brutalized a prostitute. Joined by his former partner and a cocky greenhorn, he takes on a corrupt sheriff.
Title: Fidelity | Genres: drama | Overview: Lena is a talented midwife and gynaecologist, her husband Serezha is an actor at a provincial drama theatre. They are close and gentle with each other, but there is no sex. Lena suspects that Serezha has an affair, but she worries quietly and does not reveal her jealousy. Instead of sorting out her relationship with her husband, Lena starts to betray him with chance acquaintances. Gradually Lena’s parallel life gets out of control and changes her original life.
Title: She's the Man | Genres: comedy, drama, family, romance | Overview: Viola Hastings is in a real jam. Complications threaten her scheme to pose as her twin brother, Sebastian, and take his place at a new boarding school. She falls in love with her handsome roommate, Duke, who loves beautiful Olivia, who has fallen for Sebastian! As if that were not enough, Viola's twin returns from London ahead of schedule but has no idea that his sister has already replaced him on campus.
Title: Bring It On | Genres: comedy | Overview: The Toro cheerleading squad from Rancho Carne High School in San Diego has got spirit, spunk, sass and a killer routine that's sure to land them the national championship trophy for the sixth year in a row. But for newly-elected team captain Torrance, the Toros' road to total cheer glory takes a shady turn when she discovers that their perfectly-choreographed routines were in fact stolen.
Title: House of 1000 Corpses | Genres: horror | Overview: Two teenage couples traveling across the backwoods of Texas searching for urban legends of serial killers end up as prisoners of a bizarre and sadistic backwater family of serial killers.
Title: Vicky Cristina Barcelona | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Two girlfriends on a summer holiday in Spain become enamored with the same painter, unaware that his ex-wife, with whom he has a tempestuous relationship, is about to re-enter the picture.
Title: The Medallion | Genres: thriller, fantasy, action, comedy | Overview: A Hong Kong detective suffers a fatal accident involving a mysterious medallion and is transformed into an immortal warrior with superhuman powers.
Title: The Boss: Anatomy of a Crime | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: This incredibly disturbing story follows the exploitation of an apprentice butcher, Hermógenes, and his trial after he murders his boss in broad daylight. Hermógenes, a farmhand from northern Argentina, relocates to Buenos Aires in search of a better life for himself and his young wife, but soon finds himself at the mercy of a corrupt boss. The film is based on a thorough investigation of a real event that happened in Buenos Aires 10 years ago. Almost every scene in the film is inspired by real facts or based on well documented daily practices of the “meat business” and its environment. Both a shocking exposé of unscrupulous practices in the meat industry and a heart-wrenching personal story, El Patrón became one of the most successful Argentine films of 2014.
Title: Daddy's Perfect Little Girl | Genres: drama, tv movie | Overview: A 12-year-old girl becomes jealous when her adoptive father develops a budding relationship with a woman and her teenage son.
Title: The Man in the Iron Mask | Genres: adventure, action, drama | Overview: Years have passed since the Three Musketeers, Aramis, Athos and Porthos, have fought together with their friend, D'Artagnan. But with the tyrannical King Louis using his power to wreak havoc in the kingdom while his twin brother, Philippe, remains imprisoned, the Musketeers reunite to abduct Louis and replace him with Philippe.
Title: Kill Switch | Genres: science fiction, action, thriller | Overview: A pilot battles to save his family and the planet after an experiment for unlimited energy goes wrong.
Title: The Superdeep | Genres: horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: In 1984, a Russian research team goes below the surface to find out what secret the world's deepest borehole is hiding. On their expedition, something unexpectedly gruesome awaits the researchers.
Title: Ozzy | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Ozzy, a friendly, peaceful beagle has his idyllic life turned upside down when the Martins leave on a long and distant trip. There's only one problem: no dogs allowed! Unable to bring their beloved Ozzy along for the ride, they settle on the next best thing, a top-of-the-line canine spa called Blue Creek.
Title: The Jungle Book 2 | Genres: family, animation, adventure | Overview: Mowgli has been living in the man-village with his little stepbrother Ranjan and his best friend Shanti. But the man-cub still has that jungle rhythm in his heart, and he misses his old buddies Baloo and Bagheera. When Mowgli wanders back to the wild for some swingin' fun, he soon finds the man-eating tiger Shere Khan is lurking in the shadows and planning his revenge.
Title: The Cokeville Miracle | Genres: mystery, drama, history, family, thriller | Overview: On May 9, 1986, a small ranching community in Wyoming experiences a divine intervention when a couple detonates a bomb inside a crowded classroom.
Title: Bulletproof Monk | Genres: action, comedy, fantasy | Overview: A mysterious and immortal Tibetan kung fu master, who has spent the last 60 years traveling around the world protecting the ancient Scroll of the Ultimate, mentors a selfish street kid in the ancient intricacies of kung fu.
Title: Covet: Island of Desire | Genres: romance | Overview: People who are on a fishing boat in a secluded countryside wake up to a deep desire in their heart. Money, sex, power ... In the uninhabited desert of endless desire, it turns out that somebody is found as a body and another person is on the island. Can they escape safely from the island of desire?
Title: National Lampoon's Van Wilder | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Van Wilder has been attending college for far too many years and is scared to graduate, but Van’s father eventually realizes what is going on. When he stops paying his son's tuition fees, Van must come up with the money if he wants to stay in college, so he and his friends come up with a great fund-raising idea – throwing parties. However, when the college magazine finds out and reporter, Gwen is sent to do a story on Van Wilder, things get a little complicated.
Title: Fist of the North Star: Legend of Raoh - Chapter of Fierce Fight | Genres: action, animation | Overview: A film adaptation of the Last Nanto General story arc from the manga, depicting the final battle between Kenshiro and Raoh that led to Kenshiro becoming the successor of Hokuto Shinken. Some events from the manga / anime have been excluded from the story (such as Raoh's fight with Juza) whereas others have been altered or expanded. New content featuring the final battle from Raoh's perspective have been added. This film serves as the follow-up to the first film in the series, which introduced Raoh and Reina's relationship, this time bringing it to a conclusion.
Title: Around the World in 80 Days | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: A bet pits a British inventor, a Chinese thief and a French artist on a worldwide adventure that they can circle the globe in 80 days.
Title: Diary of a Mad Black Woman | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Charles McCarter and his wife Helen are about to celebrate their 18th-wedding anniversary when Helen comes home to find her clothes packed up in a U-Haul van parked in the driveway. Charles is divorcing Her. Helen moves in with her grandmother Madea, an old woman who doesn't take any lip from anyone. Madea helps Helen through these tough times by showing her what is really important in life.
"Title: Operation Condor | Genres: action, adventure, crime, thriller | Overview: Hired by a Spanish baron, Hong Kong treasure hunter Jackie, a.k.a. ""Asian Hawk"" and his entourage seek WWII Nazi gold buried in the Sahara Desert."
Title: 47 Ronin | Genres: drama, action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Kai—an outcast—joins Oishi, the leader of 47 outcast samurai. Together they seek vengeance upon the treacherous overlord who killed their master and banished their kind. To restore honour to their homeland, the warriors embark upon a quest that challenges them with a series of trials that would destroy ordinary warriors.
Title: Barbershop: The Next Cut | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: To survive harsh economic times, Calvin and Angie have merged the barbershop and beauty salon into one business. The days of male bonding are gone as Eddie and the crew must now contend with sassy female co-workers and spirited clientele. As the battle of the sexes rages on, a different kind of conflict has taken over Chicago. Crime and gangs are on the rise, leaving Calvin worried about the fate of his son. Together, the friends come up with a bold plan to take back their beloved neighborhood.
Title: Open Season 2 | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: After falling head over hooves in love with Giselle, Elliot's road to the altar takes a slight detour when Mr. Weenie is kidnapped by a group of pampered pets determined to return him to his owners.
Title: Sky of Love | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: During her freshman year in high school, Mika Tahara (Yui Aragaki) loses her cellular phone, but later finds it in the school library with the help of an unknown caller. Throughout the summer, Mika and the mysterious caller continue to communicate, and agree to meet each other once school starts again. The caller turns out to be Hiro (Haruma Miura), a delinquent-like boy Mika is initially afraid of, who shows proof of his identity as the caller with a photo of the sky on his cellular phone.
Title: Project Power | Genres: action, crime, science fiction | Overview: An ex-soldier, a teen and a cop collide in New Orleans as they hunt for the source behind a dangerous new pill that grants users temporary superpowers.
Title: Illang: The Wolf Brigade | Genres: science fiction, action, thriller, drama | Overview: In 2029, the elite police squad Illang combats a terrorist group opposing reunification of the two Koreas. But another enemy may be lurking nearby.
Title: G.I. Jane | Genres: action, drama | Overview: A female Senator succeeds in enrolling a woman into Combined Reconnaissance Team training where everyone expects her to fail.
Title: Pandora | Genres: thriller, drama, action | Overview: When an earthquake hits a Korean village housing a run-down nuclear power plant, a man risks his life to save the country from imminent disaster.
Title: The Kid Who Would Be King | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, family | Overview: Old-school magic meets the modern world when young Alex stumbles upon the mythical sword Excalibur. He soon unites his friends and enemies, and they become knights who join forces with the legendary wizard Merlin. Together, they must save mankind from the wicked enchantress Morgana and her army of supernatural warriors.
Title: A Little Princess | Genres: drama, family, fantasy | Overview: When her father enlists to fight for the British in WWI, young Sara Crewe goes to New York to attend the same boarding school her late mother attended. She soon clashes with the severe headmistress, Miss Minchin, who attempts to stifle Sara's creativity and sense of self- worth.
Title: Clear and Present Danger | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: CIA Analyst Jack Ryan is drawn into an illegal war fought by the US government against a Colombian drug cartel.
Title: Alien Warfare | Genres: action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A team of Navy Seals investigates a mysterious science outpost only to have to combat a squad of powerful alien soldiers.
Title: Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story | Genres: drama, history, action | Overview: This film is a glimpse into the life, love and the unconquerable spirit of the legendary Bruce Lee. From a childhood of rigorous martial arts training, Lee realizes his dream of opening his own kung-fu school in America. Before long, he is discovered by a Hollywood producer and begins a meteoric rise to fame and an all too short reign as one the most charismatic action heroes in cinema history.
Title: Doomsday | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: The lethal Reaper virus spreads throughout Britain—infecting millions and killing hundreds of thousands. Authorities brutally and successfully quarantine the country but, three decades later, the virus resurfaces in a major city. An elite group of specialists is urgently dispatched into the still-quarantined country to retrieve a cure by any means necessary. Shut off from the rest of the world, the unit must battle through a landscape that has become a waking nightmare.
Title: Four Good Days | Genres: drama | Overview: A mother helps her daughter work through four crucial days of recovery from substance abuse.
Title: Behind the Trees | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: While on a romantic getaway in the Indian wilderness, a couple from Los Angeles accidentally witnesses the haunting exorcism of an 11-year old girl. They decide to rescue her.
Title: Falcon Rising | Genres: adventure, action | Overview: Chapman is an ex-marine in Brazil's slums, battling the yakuza outfit who attacked his sister and left her for dead.
"Title: Convoy | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Truckers form a mile long ""convoy"" in support of a trucker's vendetta with an abusive sheriff...Based on the country song of same title by C.W. McCall."
Title: The Decameron | Genres: history, drama, comedy | Overview: A young Sicilian is swindled twice, but ends up rich; a man poses as a deaf-mute in a convent of curious nuns; a woman must hide her lover when her husband comes home early; a scoundrel fools a priest on his deathbed; three brothers take revenge on their sister's lover; a young girl sleeps on the roof to meet her boyfriend at night; a group of painters wait for inspiration; a crafty priest attempts to seduce his friend's wife; and two friends make a pact to find out what happens after death.
Title: The Silence | Genres: horror, drama, thriller, fantasy | Overview: With the world under attack by deadly creatures who hunt by sound, a teen and her family seek refuge outside the city and encounter a mysterious cult.
Title: The Counselor | Genres: thriller, crime, drama | Overview: A lawyer finds himself in far over his head when he attempts to get involved in drug trafficking.
Title: Heist | Genres: action | Overview: A father is without the means to pay for his daughter's medical treatment. As a last resort, he partners with a greedy co-worker to rob a casino. When things go awry they're forced to hijack a city bus.
"Title: Heathers | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: A girl who halfheartedly tries to be part of the ""in crowd"" of her school meets a rebel who teaches her a more devious way to play social politics: by killing the popular kids."
Title: Tolkien | Genres: war, drama, history, romance | Overview: England, early 20th century. The future writer and philologist John Ronald Reuel Tolkien (1892-1973) and three of his schoolmates create a strong bond between them as they share the same passion for literature and art, a true fellowship that strengthens as they grow up, but the outbreak of World War I threatens to shatter it.
Title: Hell or High Water | Genres: western, crime | Overview: A divorced dad and his ex-con brother resort to a desperate scheme in order to save their family's farm in West Texas.
Title: Footloose | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: When teenager Ren and his family move from big-city Chicago to a small town in the West, he's in for a real case of culture shock after discovering he's living in a place where music and dancing are illegal.
Title: The Cable Guy | Genres: comedy, drama, thriller | Overview: When recently single Steven moves into his new apartment, cable guy Chip comes to hook him up—and doesn't let go. Initially, Chip is just overzealous in his desire to be Steven's pal, but when Steven tries to end the 'friendship', Chip shows his dark side. He begins stalking Steven, who's left to fend for himself because no one else can believe Chip's capable of such behaviour.
Title: Dracula 2000 | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: Abraham Van Helsing, who has tangled with Count Dracula in the past, works as an English antiques dealer. Simon is a vampire hunter in training under his apprenticeship.
Title: Asterix: The Secret of the Magic Potion | Genres: family, animation, comedy, adventure | Overview: Following a fall during mistletoe picking, Druid Getafix decides that it is time to secure the future of the village. Accompanied by Asterix and Obelix, he undertakes to travel the Gallic world in search of a talented young druid to transmit the Secret of the Magic Potion.
Title: Charlotte's Web | Genres: comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: Wilbur the pig is scared of the end of the season, because he knows that come that time, he will end up on the dinner table. He hatches a plan with Charlotte, a spider that lives in his pen, to ensure that this will never happen.
Title: I Give It a Year | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: After a quick courtship, two lovers hastily decide to tie the knot. As their first year of marriage unfolds, temptation and incompatibility put their relationship in jeopardy.
Title: Trick 'r Treat | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: Four interwoven stories that occur on Halloween: an everyday high school principal has a secret life as a serial killer; a college virgin might have just met the one guy for her; a group of teenagers pull a mean prank, and a bitter old recluse receives an uninvited guest.
Title: The Family | Genres: crime, comedy, action | Overview: The Manzoni family, a notorious mafia clan, is relocated to Normandy, France under the witness protection program, where fitting in soon becomes challenging as their old habits die hard.
Title: A Time to Kill | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A young lawyer defends a black man accused of murdering two white men who raped his 10-year-old daughter, sparking a rebirth of the KKK.
Title: Catch.44 | Genres: drama, action, thriller | Overview: The lives of three female assassins take a sudden turn when their charming boss lures them into one last job. They soon find themselves thrust into a bizarre situation involving a psychotic hit man, a grizzled trucker and a delusional line cook.
Title: Crimson Tide | Genres: war, thriller, action, drama | Overview: On a US nuclear missile sub, a young first officer stages a mutiny to prevent his trigger happy captain from launching his missiles before confirming his orders to do so.
Title: Mortal | Genres: action, fantasy, thriller | Overview: A young boy must discover the origins of his extraordinary powers before he is captured by authorities hell-bent on condemning him for an accidental murder.
Title: Big Brother | Genres: action, drama, comedy | Overview: A soldier-turned-high school teacher uses unusual methods to reach to a class of poor students, while dealing with a greedy entrepreneur and his gang of fighters as well as the government.
Title: The Witches | Genres: adventure, fantasy, horror, family | Overview: A young boy named Luke and his grandmother go on vacation only to discover their hotel is hosting an international witch convention, where the Grand High Witch is unveiling her master plan to turn all children into mice. Will Luke fall victim to the witches' plot before he can stop them?
Title: Meet the Fockers | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Hard-to-crack ex-CIA man Jack Byrnes and his wife Dina head for the warmer climes of Florida to meet the parents of their son-in-law-to-be, Greg Focker. Unlike their happily matched offspring, the future in-laws find themselves in a situation of opposites that definitely do not attract.
Title: Soy Libre | Genres: documentary | Overview: Arnaud, he's my little brother. One day I realized that he was already big. He was born where one does not choose, and seeks what should have been. Free.
Title: Vampires Suck | Genres: comedy | Overview: Becca, an anxious, non-vampire teen is torn between two boys. Before she can choose, Becca must get around her controlling father, who embarrasses Becca by treating her like a child. Meanwhile, Becca's friends contend with their own romantic issues - all of which collide at the prom.
Title: Procession | Genres: documentary | Overview: Six men who were sexually abused by Catholic clergy as boys find empowerment by creating short films inspired by their trauma.
Title: The Immortal | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: After reuniting with his first mentor Bruno and receiving his latest mission, an exiled Ciro is left to fearlessly confront whatever comes his way, navigating a new chapter of gang warfare while grappling with devastating memories of loss and trauma. Weaving between his past as an orphan in Naples' cruel underworld and present as a hardened, cunning assassin with nothing left to lose, Ciro is plunged into the cold, dark depths of a world where immortality is just another form of damnation.
Title: I'll Always Know What You Did Last Summer | Genres: horror | Overview: Several teenagers in a small-town in Colorado concoct a July 4th prank based on a frightening legend that goes awry when their friend ends up accidentally killed; however, the teens agree to keep their involvement a secret from the authorities, who continue to search for the man who apparently killed their friend. A year later, with the July 4th celebration coming up again, the teenagers realize that they're being stalked by someone who clearly intends on keeping the horrible legend alive by killing them off.
Title: The Pyramid | Genres: horror | Overview: A team of U.S. archaeologists unearths an ancient pyramid buried deep beneath the Egyptian desert. As they search the pyramid's depths, they become hopelessly lost in its dark and endless catacombs. Searching for a way out, they become desperate to seek daylight again. They come to realize they aren't just trapped, they are being hunted.
Title: Manchester by the Sea | Genres: drama | Overview: After his older brother passes away, Lee Chandler is forced to return home to care for his 16-year-old nephew. There he is compelled to deal with a tragic past that separated him from his family and the community where he was born and raised.
Title: The Haunted | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: In a rambling, isolated house, Emily’s first night-shift as carer to an elderly dementia patient turns into a nightmare as she is tormented by a vengeful spirit and uncovers the house's dark secrets.
Title: The Poison Rose | Genres: thriller, crime | Overview: A down-on-his-luck PI is hired by his old flame to investigate a murder. But while the case at first appears routine, it slowly reveals itself to be a complex interwoven web of crimes, suspects and dead bodies.
Title: Walk of Shame | Genres: comedy | Overview: A reporter's dream of becoming a news anchor is compromised after a one-night stand leaves her stranded in downtown L.A. without a phone, car, ID or money - and only 8 hours to make it to the most important job interview of her life.
Title: Nowhere to Run | Genres: action, drama, thriller, romance | Overview: Escaped convict Sam Gillen single-handedly takes on ruthless developers who are determined to evict a widow with two young children.
Title: Escape from Sobibor | Genres: drama, thriller, tv movie, war | Overview: The true story of WWII's notorious Sobibor Nazi death camp, where a courageous inmate orchestrates and leads the escape of over 300 prisoners.
Title: Caligula | Genres: drama, history, romance | Overview: The perversion behind imperial Rome, the epic story of Rome's mad Emporer. All the details of his cruel, bizarre reign are revealed right here: His unholy sexual passion for his sister, his marriage to Rome's most infamous prostitute, his fiendishly inventive means of disposing those who would oppose him, and more.
Title: Tom and Jerry: Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: The classic Roald Dahl tale gets a modern twist when Tom and Jerry enter the amazing world of Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory.
Title: The Man Who Invented Christmas | Genres: drama, history, comedy, family | Overview: In 1843, despite the fact that Dickens is a successful writer, the failure of his latest book puts his career at a crossroads, until the moment when, struggling with inspiration and confronting reality with his childhood memories, a new character is born in the depths of his troubled mind; an old, lonely, embittered man, so vivid, so human, that a whole world grows around him, a story so inspiring that changed the meaning of Christmas forever.
Title: Pokémon 4Ever: Celebi - Voice of the Forest | Genres: adventure, fantasy, animation, science fiction, family | Overview: 40 years ago, a Celebi was being attacked by a Pokemon Hunter. Luckily, a young boy named Yukinari saved Celebi. Using its Time Traveling power, Celebi transported itself and Yukinari 40 years into the future. There, Satoshi, Kasumi, and Takeshi assist Yukinari to the healing lake in the forest so they can heal the wounded Celebi. Unfortunately an evil Team Rocket member, Vicious, tries to capture Celebi using his technology. As Satoshi and Co. try to get away from Vicious, they also run into Musashi, Kojiro, and Nyarth, who also want to capture Celebi. Soon it becomes a race against time to get Celebi and Yukinari back to the forest before Celebi is caught and is used to destroy the forest and themselves.
Title: Knocked Up | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: For fun loving party animal Ben Stone, the last thing he ever expected was for his one night stand to show up on his doorstep eight weeks later to tell him she's pregnant.
Title: Venom | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A group of teenagers fear for their lives in the swamps of Louisiana, chased by Mr. Jangles, a man possessed by 13 evil souls, and now relentless in his pursuit of new victims.
Title: Theo and the Metamorphosis | Genres: drama | Overview: Theo, a 27-year-old young man with Down’s syndrome, lives with his father in an isolated house in the middle of a forest. They live in harmony with nature and animals, but one day the father goes away, leaving his son alone with his visions… Theo then begins his odyssey in which he reinvents himself, opens up to the world, experiences freedom, and tries to discover the nature of things and of beings.
Title: BlacKkKlansman | Genres: comedy, crime, drama, history | Overview: Colorado Springs, late 1970s. Ron Stallworth, an African American police officer, and Flip Zimmerman, his Jewish colleague, run an undercover operation to infiltrate the Ku Klux Klan.
Title: Tau | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: Held captive in a futuristic smart house, a woman hopes to escape by befriending the A.I. program that controls the house.
Title: Brawl in Cell Block 99 | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: After working as a drug courier and getting into a brutal shootout with police, a former boxer finds himself at the mercy of his enemies as they force him to instigate violent acts that turn the prison he resides in into a battleground.
Title: G-Force | Genres: family, fantasy, action, adventure, comedy | Overview: A team of trained secret agent animals, guinea pigs Darwin, Hurley, Juarez, Blaster, mole Speckles, and fly Mooch takes on a mission for the US government to stop evil Leonard Saber, who plans to destroy the world with household appliances. But the government shuts them down and they are sentenced to a pet shop. Can they escape to defeat the villain and save the world?
Title: Looney Tunes: Back in Action | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Fed up with all the attention going to Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck quits Hollywood, teams up with recently-fired stuntman Damien Drake Jr. and embarks on a round-the-world adventure, along with Bugs and The VP of Warner Bros. Their mission? Find Damien's father, and the missing blue diamond... and stay one step ahead of The Acme Corp., who wants the diamond for their own purposes.
Title: Alien Abduction | Genres: horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A vacationing family encounters an alien threat in this pulse-pounding thriller based on the real-life Brown Mountain Lights phenomenon in North Carolina.
Title: Absolutely Anything | Genres: comedy, science fiction | Overview: Eccentric aliens give a man the power to do anything he wants to determine if Earth is worth saving.
Title: Monster High: Scaris City of Frights | Genres: animation, fantasy | Overview: The Monstruitas of Monster High are obsessed with going to Scaris, The City of Frights for Fashion international competition where the winner will become the apprentice of the world famous Madame Ghostier designer.
Title: The Knight of Shadows: Between Yin and Yang | Genres: action, fantasy | Overview: Pu Songling (Jackie Chan), a legendary demon hunter, is asked to investigate the mysterious disappearances of young girls from a small village. When he discovers evil forces are kidnapping the girls to feast on their souls, he sets out to save humanity from the inhuman invasion journeying through hidden worlds and colorful dimensions.
Title: Robin Hood: Men in Tights | Genres: comedy | Overview: Robin Hood comes home after fighting in the Crusades to learn that the noble King Richard is in exile and that the despotic King John now rules England, with the help of the Sheriff of Rottingham. Robin Hood assembles a band of fellow patriots to do battle with King John and the Sheriff.
Title: Barbie: A Perfect Christmas | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Join Barbie and her sisters Skipper, Stacie and Chelsea as their holiday vacation plans turn into a most unexpected adventure and heartwarming lesson. After a snowstorm diverts their plane, the girls find themselves far from their New York destination and their holiday dreams. Now stranded at a remote inn in the tiny town of Tannenbaum, the sisters are welcomed by new friends and magical experiences. In appreciation for the wonderful hospitality they receive, they use their musical talents to put on a performance for the whole town. Barbie and her sisters realize the joy of being together is what really makes A Perfect Christmas!
Title: 6 Below: Miracle on the Mountain | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: An adrenaline seeking snowboarder gets lost in a massive winter storm in the back country of the High Sierras where he is pushed to the limits of human endurance and forced to battle his own personal demons as he fights for survival....
Title: Promise at Dawn | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: From his childhood in Poland to his adolescence in Nice to his years as a student in Paris and his tough training as a pilot during World War II, this tragi-comedy tells the romantic story of Romain Gary, one of the most famous French novelists and sole writer to have won the Goncourt Prize for French literature two times.
Title: Fool's Gold | Genres: romance, comedy, adventure | Overview: Treasure hunter Ben 'Finn' Finnegan has sunk both his trusty boat and his marriage to Tess in his obsessive quest to find the legendary 'Queen's Dowry' treasure. When he finds a vital clue that may finally pinpoint the treasure's whereabouts, he drags Tess and her boss along on the hunt. But Finn is not the only one interested in the gold—his former mentor-turned-enemy will stop at nothing to beat him to it.
Title: Judas and the Black Messiah | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Bill O'Neal infiltrates the Black Panthers on the orders of FBI Agent Mitchell and J. Edgar Hoover. As Black Panther Chairman Fred Hampton ascends—falling for a fellow revolutionary en route—a battle wages for O’Neal’s soul.
Title: Superhero Movie | Genres: action, comedy, science fiction | Overview: The team behind Scary Movie takes on the comic book genre in this tale of Rick Riker, a nerdy teen imbued with superpowers by a radioactive dragonfly. And because every hero needs a nemesis, enter Lou Landers, aka the villainously goofy Hourglass.
Title: The November Man | Genres: crime, action, thriller | Overview: An ex-CIA operative is brought back in on a very personal mission and finds himself pitted against his former pupil in a deadly game involving high level CIA officials and the Russian president-elect.
Title: The Other Woman | Genres: drama | Overview: Emilia, a law-school graduate, falls in love with her married boss, Jack. After Emilia marries Jack, her happiness turns unexpectedly to grief following the death of her infant daughter. Devastated, Emilia nonetheless carries on, attempting to forge a connection with her stepson William and to resist the interference of Jack's jealous ex-wife.
Title: The Hard Way | Genres: action | Overview: After learning of his brother's death during a mission in Romania, a former soldier joins two allies to hunt down a mysterious enemy and take his revenge.
Title: A Guide to Love and Fighting Capitalism | Genres: documentary | Overview: Monique and Michel Pinçon-Charlot are a couple of French sociologists, famous for their work on the uber-rich. They have been in love for more than fifty years, and they enjoy a comfortable retirement in their lovely home in the Paris suburbs. They could live a quiet life, but how do you get some rest when there is capitalism to fight against?
Title: Pig | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A truffle hunter who lives alone in the Oregon wilderness must visit Portland to find the mysterious person who stole his beloved foraging pig.
Title: Unfinished Business | Genres: comedy | Overview: A hard-working small business owner and his two associates travel to Europe to close the most important deal of their lives. But what began as a routine business trip goes off the rails in every imaginable – and unimaginable – way, including unplanned stops at a massive sex fetish event and a global economic summit.
Title: Bad Times at the El Royale | Genres: thriller, drama, mystery, crime | Overview: Lake Tahoe, 1969. Seven strangers, each one with a secret to bury, meet at El Royale, a decadent motel with a dark past. In the course of a fateful night, everyone will have one last shot at redemption.
Title: Happiest Season | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: A young woman's plans to propose to her girlfriend while at her family's annual holiday party are upended when she discovers her partner hasn't yet come out to her conservative parents.
Title: The Wedding Date | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: With the wedding of her younger sister fast approaching, Kat Ellis faces the undesirable prospect of traveling alone to London for the ceremony. While this is bad enough, Jeffrey, the man who left her as they moved closer to marriage, happens to be the groom's best man. Determined to show everyone -- most of all Jeffrey -- that her romantic life is as full and thrilling as ever, Kat hires a charming male escort as her date.
Title: Afternoon Delight | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Rachel is a quick-witted and lovable stay-at-home mom. Frustrated with the realities of preschool auctions, a lacklustre sex life and career that's gone kaput, she visits a strip club to spice up her marriage and meets McKenna, a stripper she adopts as her live-in nanny.
Title: Casualties of War | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: During the Vietnam War, a soldier finds himself the outsider of his own squad when they unnecessarily kidnap a female villager. Based on the actual events of an incident on Hill 192 in November, 1966.
Title: The Anomaly | Genres: thriller, action, science fiction | Overview: A former soldier is taken captive and awakens in the back of a van where he learns that he only has less than 10 minutes to figure out how he got there.
Title: The Time Machine | Genres: science fiction, adventure, action | Overview: Hoping to alter the events of the past, a 19th century inventor instead travels 800,000 years into the future, where he finds mankind divided into two warring races.
Title: S.W.A.T. | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: The story centers on the Chinese Special Police Unit, from their hard training to their first mission.
Title: The Strangers: Prey at Night | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A family’s road trip takes a dangerous turn when they arrive at a secluded mobile home park to stay with some relatives and find it mysteriously deserted. Under the cover of darkness, three masked killers pay them a visit to test the family’s every limit as they struggle to survive.
Title: Winchester | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: San Jose, California, 1906. Isolated in her labyrinthine mansion, eccentric firearm heiress Sarah Winchester believes that she is being haunted by the souls of those killed by the guns manufactured by her company.
Title: Hakuouki: Wild Dance of Kyoto | Genres: action, animation, drama, romance | Overview: When Chizuru Yukimura comes to Edo-period Kyoto searching for her missing father, she witnesses a bloody murder by crazed members of the Shinsengumi - the shogunate's secret police and supposed peacekeepers. Taken into custody after seeing something she wasn't supposed to see, Chizuru finds herself caught up in the group's battles and secrets. Based on the video game by Otomate.
Title: Labyrinth | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: When teen Sarah is forced to babysit Toby, her baby stepbrother, she summons Jareth the Goblin King to take him away. When he is actually kidnapped, Sarah is given just thirteen hours to solve a labyrinth and rescue him.
"Title: Girl with a Pearl Earring | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: This film, adapted from a work of fiction by author Tracy Chevalier, tells a story about the events surrounding the creation of the painting ""Girl With A Pearl Earring"" by 17th century Dutch master Johannes Vermeer. A young peasant maid working in the house of painter Johannes Vermeer becomes his talented assistant and the model for one of his most famous works."
Title: Assassination | Genres: action, drama | Overview: In Japanese-occupied Korea, three freedom fighters are assigned a mission to assassinate a genocidal military leader and his top collaborator. But the plan goes completely awry amidst double-crossings, counter-assassinations, and a shocking revelation about one of the assassins' past.
Title: Possession | Genres: horror | Overview: A young woman left her family for an unspecified reason. The husband determines to find out the truth and starts following his wife. At first, he suspects that a man is involved. But gradually, he finds out more and more strange behaviors and bizarre incidents that indicate something more than a possessed love affair.
Title: The Forest | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: Set in the Aokigahara Forest, a real-life place in Japan where people go to end their lives. Against this backdrop, a young American woman comes in search of her twin sister, who has mysteriously disappeared.
Title: The Waterboy | Genres: comedy | Overview: Bobby Boucher is a water boy for a struggling college football team. The coach discovers Boucher's hidden rage makes him a tackling machine whose bone-crushing power might vault his team into the playoffs.
Title: Speed 2: Cruise Control | Genres: action, adventure, thriller | Overview: A disgruntled former employee hijacks the Seabourn Legend cruise liner. Set on a fixed course, without any means of communication and at the mercy of the hijacker, it's up to the one cop on vacation, and his soon to be fiancé (hopefully) Annie, to regain control of it before it kills the passengers and causes an environmental disaster. Insurmountable and daunting tasks awaits them on their perilous journey throughout the ship trying to fend off the hijacker and save the passengers.
Title: Hide and Seek | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: David Callaway tries to piece together his life in the wake of his wife's suicide and has been left to raise his nine-year-old daughter, Emily on his own. David is at first amused to discover that Emily has created an imaginary friend named 'Charlie', but it isn't long before 'Charlie' develops a sinister and violent side, and as David struggles with his daughter's growing emotional problems, he comes to the frightening realisation that 'Charlie' isn't just a figment of Emily's imagination.
Title: Amadeus | Genres: history, music, drama | Overview: Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart is a remarkably talented young Viennese composer who unwittingly finds a fierce rival in the disciplined and determined Antonio Salieri. Resenting Mozart for both his hedonistic lifestyle and his undeniable talent, the highly religious Salieri is gradually consumed by his jealousy and becomes obsessed with Mozart's downfall, leading to a devious scheme that has dire consequences for both men.
Title: Ninja Scroll | Genres: fantasy, adventure, animation | Overview: Jubei is a masterless ninja who travels the land alone, lending his services to those with gold—or a worthy cause. His fearsome abilities have served him well, but a plot to overthrow the government threatens to end his wandering ways—and possibly his life.
Title: Horns | Genres: drama, fantasy, thriller | Overview: In the aftermath of his girlfriend's mysterious death, a young man awakens to strange horns sprouting from his temples.
Title: Cooties | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: A mysterious virus hits an isolated elementary school, transforming the kids into a feral swarm of mass savages. An unlikely hero must lead a motley band of teachers in the fight of their lives.
Title: Revenger | Genres: action | Overview: Hell-bent on avenging the murder of his family, a former detective infiltrates a remote island that serves as a prison for vicious death row criminals.
Title: Ben 10 Generator Rex Heroes United | Genres: action, animation | Overview: Ben Tennyson falls through a wormhole and encounters Rex. The two heroes must unite against a foe that can absorb their powers.
Title: Body Heat | Genres: crime, thriller, romance | Overview: In the midst of a searing Florida heat wave, a woman convinces her lover, a small-town lawyer, to murder her rich husband.
Title: The Uninvited | Genres: horror | Overview: Anna returns home after spending time in a psychiatric facility following her mother's tragic death and discovers that her mother's former nurse, Rachel, has moved into their house and become engaged to her father. Soon after she learns this shocking news, Anna is visited by her mother's ghost, who warns her that Rachel has evil intentions.
Title: Scooby-Doo! and the Loch Ness Monster | Genres: family, adventure, animation, comedy, fantasy, mystery | Overview: While the gang travel to Scotland to visit Daphne's cousin and witness the Highland Games, they find themselves terrorized by the legendary Loch Ness Monster.
Title: Leviathan | Genres: drama | Overview: In a Russian coastal town, Kolya is forced to fight the corrupt mayor when he is told that his house will be demolished. He recruits a lawyer friend to help, but the man's arrival brings further misfortune for Kolya and his family.
Title: Ip Man: Kung Fu Master | Genres: action, drama | Overview: Ip Man’s promising career as a Policeman is ruined after he is framed for murder and targeted by a mob boss’s daughter.
Title: Ride Along | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: For the past two years, high-school security guard Ben has been trying to show decorated APD detective James that he's more than just a video-game junkie who's unworthy of James' sister, Angela. When Ben finally gets accepted into the academy, he thinks he's earned the seasoned policeman's respect and asks for his blessing to marry Angela. Knowing that a ride along will demonstrate if Ben has what it takes to take care of his sister, James invites him on a shift designed to scare the hell out of the trainee. But when the wild night leads them to the most notorious criminal in the city, James will find that his new partner's rapid-fire mouth is just as dangerous as the bullets speeding at it.
Title: Little Women | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: With their father away as a chaplain in the Civil War, Jo, Meg, Beth and Amy grow up with their mother in somewhat reduced circumstances. They are a close family who inevitably have their squabbles and tragedies. But the bond holds even when, later, male friends start to become a part of the household.
Title: The Seventh Sign | Genres: horror, fantasy | Overview: Abby is a pregnant woman with a curious new boarder in the apartment over her garage. Turns out he's heaven-sent and is speeding along the Apocalypse by bloodying rivers, egging on plagues and following scripture word for word.
Title: Blackway | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: A young woman newly returned to her hometown becomes the subject of harassment by a man named Blackway, an ex-cop turned violent crime lord who operates with impunity in this small community on the edge of the wilderness. Forsaken by the local townspeople—and advised by the Sheriff to leave town—Lillian decides instead to take a stand against her sociopathic stalker, and enlists the help of ex-logger Lester and his laconic young sidekick.
Title: Remember Me | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Still reeling from a heartbreaking family event and his parents' subsequent divorce, Tyler Hawkins discovers a fresh lease on life when he meets Ally Craig, a gregarious beauty who witnessed her mother's death. But as the couple draws closer, the fallout from their separate tragedies jeopardizes their love.
Title: Madea's Family Reunion | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: Based upon Tyler Perry's acclaimed stage production, Madea's Family Reunion continues the adventures of Southern matriarch Madea. She has just been court ordered to be in charge of Nikki, a rebellious runaway, her nieces, Lisa and Vanessa, are suffering relationship trouble, and through it all, she has to organize her family reunion.
Title: Day of the Woman | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: After a young writer is brutally gang-raped and left for dead by four men, she systematically hunts them down one by one to exact a terrible vengeance.
Title: Backtrace | Genres: crime | Overview: The lone surviving thief of a violent armored car robbery is sprung from a high security facility and administered an experimental drug.
Title: Finally a clash! Jōnin vs. Genin!! Indiscriminate Grand Melee Tournament Meeting!! | Genres: animation, action | Overview: A contest is made by the Fifth Hokage called Jonin vs Genin. The point is to collect crystals for points, with the higher-ranked Chunin and Jonin holding crystals worth more points. The Genin have blue crystals, while the Chunin and Jonin have red crystals.
Title: The Discovery | Genres: drama, romance, science fiction, thriller, mystery | Overview: In the near future, due to a breakthrough scientific discovery by Dr. Thomas Harbor, there is now definitive proof of an afterlife. While countless people have chosen suicide to reset their existence, others try to decide what it all means. Among them is Dr. Harbor's son Will, who has arrived at his father's isolated compound with a mysterious young woman named Isla. There, they discover the strange acolytes who help Dr. Harbor with his experiments.
Title: She's Out of My League | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: When he starts dating drop-dead gorgeous Molly, insecure airport security agent Kirk can't believe it. As his friends and family share their doubts about the relationship lasting, Kirk does everything he can to avoid losing Molly forever.
Title: Herbie Rides Again | Genres: romance, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: The living Volkswagen Beetle helps an old lady protect her home from a corrupt developer.
Title: True Romance | Genres: action, thriller, crime, romance | Overview: Clarence marries hooker Alabama, steals cocaine from her pimp, and tries to sell it in Hollywood, while the owners of the coke try to reclaim it.
Title: Thelma | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: A college student starts to experience extreme seizures. She soon learns that the violent episodes are a symptom of inexplicable abilities.
Title: Zombeavers | Genres: horror, action, comedy | Overview: College friends find their weekend of sex and debauchery ruined when deadly zombie beavers swarm their riverside cabin.
Title: American Outlaws | Genres: western, action | Overview: When a Midwest town learns that a corrupt railroad baron has captured the deeds to their homesteads without their knowledge, a group of young ranchers join forces to take back what is rightfully theirs. They will become the object of the biggest manhunt in the history of the Old West and, as their fame grows, so will the legend of their leader, a young outlaw by the name of Jessie James.
Title: Sisters | Genres: comedy | Overview: Two disconnected sisters are summoned to clean out their childhood bedrooms before their parents sell their family home.
Title: L.A. Confidential | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Three detectives in the corrupt and brutal L.A. police force of the 1950s use differing methods to uncover a conspiracy behind the shotgun slayings of the patrons at an all-night diner.
Title: Lara Croft: Tomb Raider - The Cradle of Life | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, thriller | Overview: Lara Croft ventures to an underwater temple in search of the mythological Pandora's Box but, after securing it, it is promptly stolen by the villainous leader of a Chinese crime syndicate. Lara must recover the box before the syndicate's evil mastermind uses it to construct a weapon of catastrophic capabilities.
Title: 12 Mighty Orphans | Genres: history, drama | Overview: Haunted by his mysterious past, a devoted high school football coach leads a scrawny team of orphans to the state championship during the Great Depression and inspires a broken nation along the way.
Title: Collateral Damage | Genres: action, thriller, drama | Overview: Firefighter Gordon Brewer is plunged into the complex and dangerous world of international terrorism after he loses his wife and child in a bombing credited to Claudio 'The Wolf' Perrini.
Title: Blue Jasmine | Genres: drama | Overview: After experiencing a traumatic misfortune, Jasmine French, a wealthy woman from New York, moves to San Francisco to live with her foster sister Ginger and the firm purpose of getting a new life, but she will be haunted by anxiety and memories of the past.
Title: Project A | Genres: action, comedy, adventure | Overview: In late 19th Century Hong Kong the British may rule the land, but the pirates rule the waters. One Coast Guard officer is Dragon Ma, who is determined that his beloved Coast Guard will not be made a fool of.
Title: Toriko 3D Movie: Kaimaku! Gourmet Adventure!! | Genres: animation, action, adventure | Overview: Teran Plains' village was attacked by a giant starving Gerold, and the village's youngster, Peck, sought Toriko for help. But lying ahead in wait is something much more ferocious and hideous than just a Gerold.
Title: Sleepers | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Two gangsters seek revenge on the state jail worker who during their stay at a youth prison sexually abused them. A sensational court hearing takes place to charge him for the crimes.
Title: The Sum of All Fears | Genres: thriller, action, drama | Overview: When the president of Russia suddenly dies, a man whose politics are virtually unknown succeeds him. The change in political leaders sparks paranoia among American CIA officials, so CIA director Bill Cabot recruits a young analyst to supply insight and advice on the situation. Then the unthinkable happens: a nuclear bomb explodes in a U.S. city, and America is quick to blame the Russians.
Title: Second Act | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Maya, a 40-year-old woman struggling with frustrations from unfulfilled dreams. Until that is, she gets the chance to prove to Madison Avenue that street smarts are as valuable as book smarts, and that it is never too late for a second act.
"Title: 100 Girls | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: This sexy, teen-comedy is about a freshman, Matthew, at college who meets his dream girl in a dorm elevator during a blackout. He never sees her face, but instantly falls in love. In the morning, the power is restored, but the ""dream girl"" has vanished. All Matthew knows is that she lives in an all-girls dorm. He sets out on a semester-long journey to find his mystery girl amongst a hundred female suspects. Could it be Wendy? Dora? Arlene? Patty? Cynthia? Or the 95 other girls, any of whom could have been in that elevator with Matthew."
Title: Bully | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: A pack of naïve teenagers conspire to murder a mutual friend, whose aggressive demeanor has proved too much.
"Title: Gatchaman | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: By the year 2050 AD, a mysterious organization called Galactor has occupied half of the Earth and threatens to exterminate the human race. Around the same time, the International Science Organization had uncovered mysterious stones that bear unusual powers. It is said that one person out of approximately eight million is able to harness the power of the stones; they are known as a ""Receptor"". Dr. Kozaburo Nambu gathers a team of these five lucky Receptors together. Known as the ""Gatchaman"" team, it is their mission to defeat Galactor."
Title: Extraction | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: When a former CIA operative is kidnapped by a group of terrorists, his son learns there is no plan for his father to be saved—so he launches his own rescue operation.
Title: Stuber | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: After crashing his car, a cop who's recovering from eye surgery recruits an Uber driver to help him catch a heroin dealer. The mismatched pair soon find themselves in for a wild day of stakeouts and shootouts as they encounter the city's seedy side.
Title: Wasabi | Genres: drama, action, comedy | Overview: Hubert is a French policeman with very sharp methods. After being forced to take 2 months off by his boss, who doesn't share his view on working methods, he goes back to Japan, where he used to work 19 years ago, to settle the probate of his girlfriend who left him shortly after marriage without a trace.
Title: BTS PERMISSION TO DANCE ON STAGE - SEOUL: LIVE VIEWING | Genres: music | Overview: ‘BTS PERMISSION TO DANCE ON STAGE - SEOUL’, a performance for BTS and ARMY to dance together live. Join us as BTS and ARMY become one once again with music and dance in this unmissable live concert experience broadcast from Seoul to cinemas around the world! ‘BTS PERMISSION TO DANCE ON STAGE’ is the latest world tour series headlined by 21st century pop icons BTS, featuring powerful performances and the greatest hit songs from throughout their incredible career. The earlier Los Angeles shows were seen by approximately 813,000 people across the four sold-out shows, making them one of the most successful shows in 2021.
Title: They Live | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: Nada, a wanderer without meaning in his life, discovers a pair of sunglasses capable of showing the world the way it truly is. As he walks the streets of Los Angeles, Nada notices that both the media and the government are comprised of subliminal messages meant to keep the population subdued, and that most of the social elite are skull-faced aliens bent on world domination. With this shocking discovery, Nada fights to free humanity from the mind-controlling aliens.
Title: Pokémon: Jirachi Wish Maker | Genres: family, action, animation, adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Ash, May, Brock, and Max come upon the festival of the Wishing Star of Seven Nights. During their enjoyment, the legendary Pokemon--Jirachi, descends from the heavens and befriends Max. Jirachi, with the power to grant any wish, is sought after by many people wanting to claim its power. One man seeks to use its legendary power to revive an ancient Pokemon known as Groudon, unaware of the dangers hidden within Jirachi's powers
Title: The Ninth Gate | Genres: mystery, thriller | Overview: An all-expenses-paid international search for a rare copy of the book, 'The Nine Gates of the Kingdom of Shadows' brings an unscrupulous book dealer deep into a world of murder, double-dealing and satanic worship.
Title: Stargirl | Genres: comedy, drama, romance, family | Overview: Leo Borlock is an average student at Mica High School. He gets decent grades, is a member of the school's marching band and has always been content flying under the radar. But all that changes when he meets Stargirl Caraway, a confident and colorful new student with a penchant for the ukulele, who stands out in a crowd. She is kind, finds magic in the mundane and touches the lives of others with the simplest of gestures. Her eccentricities and infectious personality charm Leo and the student body, and she quickly goes from being ignored and ridiculed to accepted and praised, then back again, sending Leo on a rollercoaster ride of emotions.
Title: A Fistful of Dollars | Genres: western | Overview: The Man With No Name enters the Mexican village of San Miguel in the midst of a power struggle among the three Rojo brothers and sheriff John Baxter. When a regiment of Mexican soldiers bearing gold intended to pay for new weapons is waylaid by the Rojo brothers, the stranger inserts himself into the middle of the long-simmering battle, selling false information to both sides for his own benefit.
Title: Assassination Classroom | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, science fiction | Overview: A mysterious creature destroys 70% of the moon. The creature then warns that if he is not destroyed by March of next year, Earth will be next. The creature also demands that he becomes the homeroom teacher for 3rd grade E class at Kunugigaoka Junior High School. The government is powerless to say no. The creature then becomes the homeroom teacher of 3rd grade E class which consists of failed students including Nagisa Shiota (Ryosuke Yamada). The creature is called Teacher Koro. Meanwhile, the government requests that the students try to kill Teacher Koro even though he possesses super powers. The government offers a 10 billion yen reward for whomever successfully kills him. The students are confused by the situation, but decide to kill Teacher Koro. When their class begins with Teacher Koro, the students finds themselves having a good time with their new teacher.
Title: Airplane! | Genres: comedy | Overview: The persons and events in this film are fictitious - fortunately! A masterpiece of off-the-wall comedy, Airplane! features Robert Hays as an ex-fighter pilot forced to take over the controls of an airliner when the flight crew succumbs to food poisoning; Julie Hagerty as his girlfriend/stewardess/co-pilot; and a cast of all-stars including Robert Stack, Lloyd Bridges, Peter Graves, Leslie Nielsen, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar... and more. Their hilarious high jinks spoof airplane disaster flicks, religious zealots, television commercials, romantic love... the list whirls by in rapid succession. And the story races from one moment of zany fun to the next.
"Title: Always Watching: A Marble Hornets Story | Genres: horror | Overview: A group of student film makers are creating ""Project Marble Hornets"" when the production is interrupted by a series of paranormal events in this tense and shocking horror."
Title: Tremors 3: Back to Perfection | Genres: action, comedy, horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Burt Gummer returns home to Perfection, Nev., to find that the town of terror has become a theme park, and when the simulated giant worm attacks turn real, the survivalist must battle the creatures once again. Gummer pits his impressive knowledge of weaponry against the newest and deadliest generation of flesh-eating graboids, with help from two young entrepreneurs.
Title: Before I Wake | Genres: drama, fantasy, horror, thriller | Overview: An orphaned child's dreams—and nightmares—manifest physically as he sleeps.
"Title: Zambezia | Genres: comedy, animation, adventure, family | Overview: Set in a bustling bird city on the edge of the majestic Victoria Falls, ""Zambezia"" is the story of Kai - a naïve, but high-spirited young falcon who travels to the bird city of ""Zambezia"" where he discovers the truth about his origins and, in defending the city, learns how to be part of a community."
Title: Big | Genres: fantasy, drama, comedy, romance, family | Overview: When a young boy makes a wish at a carnival machine to be big—he wakes up the following morning to find that it has been granted and his body has grown older overnight. But he is still the same 13-year-old boy inside. Now he must learn how to cope with the unfamiliar world of grown-ups including getting a job and having his first romantic encounter with a woman.
Title: Superman II | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: Three escaped criminals from the planet Krypton test the Man of Steel's mettle. Led by General Zod, the Kryptonians take control of the White House and partner with Lex Luthor to destroy Superman and rule the world. But Superman, who attempts to make himself human in order to get closer to Lois, realizes he has a responsibility to save the planet.
Title: 10,000 Days | Genres: science fiction | Overview: 10,000 Days ago, Comet 23 struck Earth with the magnitude of all the nuclear weapons in the world sending the planet into a deep freeze. Now, 27 years in the future, those who survived are locked in an epic battle of life or death.
Title: An Extremely Goofy Movie | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: It's all extreme sports and a life of freedom as Max sets off for college -- but Goofy misses Max so much he loses his job and goes to finish college alongside Max and his friends. But as Goofy tries to get closer to Max, both must go to the extreme to learn how to live their own lives together.
Title: Pokémon the Movie: Kyurem vs. the Sword of Justice | Genres: family, animation, action, adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: The movie features Satoshi and his two friends Iris and Dent, as they help a Keldeo battle against a powerful Dragon-type Pokémon named Kyurem as his test to become a Sacred Swordsman.
Title: Vampire Academy | Genres: comedy, action, fantasy | Overview: Rose, a rebellious half-vampire/half-human guardian-in-training and her best friend, Lissa -- a mortal, royal vampire Princess - have been on the run when they are captured and returned to St. Vladamirs Academy, the very place where they believe their lives may be in most jeopardy. Rose will sacrifice everything to protect Lissa from those who intend to exploit her from within the Academy walls and the Strigoi (immortal, evil vampires) who hunt her kind from outside its sanctuary.
Title: Imperium | Genres: crime, drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: Nate Foster, a young, idealistic FBI agent, goes undercover to take down a radical white supremacy terrorist group. The bright up-and-coming analyst must confront the challenge of sticking to a new identity while maintaining his real principles as he navigates the dangerous underworld of white supremacy. Inspired by real events.
Title: Once Upon a Time in Venice | Genres: action, comedy, thriller, mystery | Overview: Steve Ford is a private detective in Venice Beach, Calif., who's good with the ladies, bad with the punches and wild about his dog Buddy. When local thugs steal Buddy, Ford turns to Spyder, their devious leader, and forges an unlikely alliance. With help from his best friend, Steve pulls out the big guns to retrieve Spyder's stolen cash and cocaine and save Buddy.
Title: Robin-B-Hood | Genres: drama, action, comedy | Overview: For never-do-well compulsive gambler Fong, there's only one thing more fearsome than debtors at his doorstep - having to coax a crying baby. But what if the baby becomes his golden goose to fend off his debtors? Can he overcome his phobia of diapers, milk bottles, and cloying lullabies?
Title: Homeward Bound II: Lost in San Francisco | Genres: adventure, comedy, drama, family | Overview: When the pets accidentally get separated from their vacationing owners, Chance, Shadow, and Sassy navigate the mean streets of San Francisco, trying to find their home across the Golden Gate Bridge. But the road is blocked by a series of hazards, both man and beast.
Title: A Streetcar Named Desire | Genres: drama | Overview: Disturbed Blanche DuBois moves in with her sister in New Orleans and is tormented by her brutish brother-in-law while her reality crumbles around her.
Title: What Dreams May Come | Genres: fantasy, drama, romance | Overview: Chris Neilson dies to find himself in a heaven more amazing than he could have ever dreamed of. There is one thing missing: his wife. After he dies, his wife, Annie killed herself and went to hell. Chris decides to risk eternity in hades for the small chance that he will be able to bring her back to heaven.
Title: Four Weddings and a Funeral | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Over the course of five social occasions, a committed bachelor must consider the notion that he may have discovered love.
Title: The 300 Spartans | Genres: action, drama, history | Overview: Essentially true story of how Spartan king Leonidas led an extremely small army of Greek Soldiers (300 of his personal body guards from Sparta) to hold off an invading Persian army now thought to have numbered 250,000.
Title: Riders of Justice | Genres: action, comedy, drama | Overview: Markus returns home to care for his daughter when his wife dies in a tragic train accident. However, when a survivor of the wreck surfaces and claims foul play, Markus suspects his wife was murdered and embarks on a mission to find those responsible.
Title: Troll Hunter | Genres: fantasy, horror | Overview: A group of students investigates a series of mysterious bear killings, but learns that there are much more dangerous things going on. They start to follow a mysterious hunter, learning that he is actually a troll hunter.
"Title: Zombie Strippers! | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: In the not too distant future a secret government re-animation chemo-virus gets released into conservative Sartre, Nebraska and lands in an underground strip club. As the virus begins to spread, turning the strippers into ""Super Zombie Strippers"" the girls struggle with whether or not to conform to the new ""fad"" even if it means there's no turning back."
Title: SuperFly | Genres: action, crime | Overview: Career criminal Youngblood Priest wants out of the Atlanta drug scene, but as he ramps up sales, one little slip up threatens to bring the whole operation down before he can make his exit.
Title: Perfect Blue | Genres: animation, thriller | Overview: A retired pop singer turned actress' sense of reality is shaken when she is stalked by an obsessed fan and seemingly a ghost of her past.
Title: Elf | Genres: comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: When young Buddy falls into Santa's gift sack on Christmas Eve, he's transported back to the North Pole and raised as a toy-making elf by Santa's helpers. But as he grows into adulthood, he can't shake the nagging feeling that he doesn't belong. Buddy vows to visit Manhattan and find his real dad, a workaholic publisher.
Title: Bad Santa 2 | Genres: comedy, crime, drama, mystery | Overview: Fueled by cheap whiskey, greed and hatred, Willie Soke teams up with his angry little sidekick, Marcus, to knock off a Chicago charity on Christmas Eve. Along for the ride is chubby and cheery Thurman Merman, a 250-pound ray of sunshine who brings out Willie's sliver of humanity. Issues arise when the pair are joined by Willie's horror story of a mother, who raises the bar for the gang's ambitions, while somehow lowering the standards of criminal behavior.
Title: Inuyasha the Movie 4: Fire on the Mystic Island | Genres: fantasy, animation, adventure | Overview: The mysterious island of Houraijima has reappeared after 50 years, and with its reappearance has brought the attack of four gods, the Shitoushin, who have their eyes set on the powers that protect and sustain the island. Now it's up to Inuyasha and his friends, along with Sesshoumaru, to find a way to defeat the powerful Shitoushin.
Title: The Invincible Iron Man | Genres: action, adventure, animation, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: When a cocky industrialist's efforts to raise an ancient Chinese temple leads him to be seriously wounded and captured by enemy forces, he must use his ideas for a revolutionary power armor in order to fight back as a superhero.
Title: Bergen | Genres: drama | Overview: Bergen, a valuable Turkish arabesque singer, fights to stay afloat despite all the difficulties in her life.
Title: Ghost in the Shell 2.0 | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: In the year 2029, Section 9, a group of cybernetically enhanced cops, are called in to investigate and stop a highly-wanted hacker known as 'The Puppetmaster'. Ghost in the Shell 2.0 is a reproduced version of its original 1995 counterpart. Among a numerous enhancements, for the film's 2.0 release, were a number of scenes were overhauled with 3D animation, visual improvements, and soundtrack rerecorded in 6.1 surround sound.
Title: The NeverEnding Story II: The Next Chapter | Genres: drama, family, fantasy, adventure | Overview: Once again, Bastian is transported to the world of Fantasia which he recently managed to save from destruction. However, the land is now being destroyed by an evil sorceress, Xayide, so he must join up with Atreyu and face the Emptiness once more.
Title: Kung Fu Panda: Secrets of the Furious Five | Genres: animation, family, action | Overview: Ordered to teach a martial arts class of rambunctious bunny kittens, Po tells stories of each of the Furious Five's pasts.
Title: Paranormal Activity 2 | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: Days after welcoming a newborn baby, Dan and Kristi Rey return home one day to find their house ransacked with seemingly no explanation. Their fear forces them to put in security cameras, which begin to capture strange activity around the house.
"Title: Meskina | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A thirty-something aspiring children's author, labeled ""meskina"" (pity case) by her Moroccan-Dutch community for still being career-less and single, sets out to once and for all find professional success and true love."
Title: City Hunter | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, romance | Overview: A self-indulgent private investigator winds up on a cruise ship full of rich patrons, gorgeous women, murderous terrorists, and scarce food.
Title: Paper Towns | Genres: mystery, drama, romance | Overview: Quentin Jacobsen has spent a lifetime loving the magnificently adventurous Margo Roth Spiegelman from afar. So when she cracks open a window and climbs back into his life-dressed like a ninja and summoning him for an ingenious campaign of revenge-he follows. After their all-nighter ends and a new day breaks, Q arrives at school to discover that Margo, always an enigma, has now become a mystery. But Q soon learns that there are clues-and they're for him. Urged down a disconnected path, the closer he gets, the less Q sees of the girl he thought he knew.
Title: Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius | Genres: family, action, adventure, animation, comedy, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Jimmy Neutron is a boy genius and way ahead of his friends, but when it comes to being cool, he's a little behind. All until one day when his parents, and parents all over Earth are kidnapped by aliens, it's up to him to lead all the children of the world to rescue their parents.
Title: Cook Up a Storm | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: A Cantonese street cook and his chief rival, a French-trained Michelin-starred chef, discover they have a lot in common as they prepare for a world-famous culinary competition. An international culinary competition becomes a battleground between rival cooks, one famous for his Cantonese street food and the other a Michelin-starred chef trained in France. But their rivalry takes an unexpected turn when they discover a common foe and combine their skills in a fusion of East and West.
Title: The Secret Life of Pets | Genres: adventure, comedy, animation, family | Overview: The quiet life of a terrier named Max is upended when his owner takes in Duke, a stray whom Max instantly dislikes.
"Title: The Giver | Genres: drama, science fiction | Overview: In a seemingly perfect community, without war, pain, suffering, differences or choice, a young boy is chosen to learn from an elderly man about the true pain and pleasure of the ""real"" world."
Title: Batman Beyond: The Movie | Genres: animation, action, family, science fiction, tv movie | Overview: Fuelled by remorse and vengeance, a high schooler named Terry McGinnis becomes the new Batman as he fights crime in the futuristic Gotham City.
Title: Isn't It Romantic | Genres: comedy, fantasy, romance | Overview: For a long time, Natalie, an Australian architect living in New York City, had always believed that what she had seen in rom-coms is all fantasy. But after thwarting a mugger at a subway station only to be knocked out while fleeing, Natalie wakes up and discovers that her life has suddenly become her worst nightmare—a romantic comedy—and she is the leading lady.
Title: Batman Ninja | Genres: animation, action | Overview: Batman, along with many of his allies and adversaries, finds himself transported to feudal Japan by Gorilla Grodd's time displacement machine.
Title: True Grit | Genres: western | Overview: The murder of her father sends a teenage tomboy on a mission of 'justice', which involves avenging her father's death. She recruits a tough old marshal, 'Rooster' Cogburn because he has 'true grit', and a reputation of getting the job done.
Title: Tales of Vesperia: The First Strike | Genres: animation, action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: In a mythical kingdom, the mighty Imperial Knights harness a magical substance known as Aer to power their weapons and protect humanity from the monsters of the forest. But something strange is afoot; the Aer is somehow changing, causing the wilderness to waste away and stirring the woodland beasts to attack with greater frequency. As danger creeps steadily closer to civilization, two young recruits - Flynn, the rigid son of a fallen hero, and the rebellious and brash Yuri - must ride with their fellow Imperial Knights to distant ruins in hopes of uncovering the truth behind the transforming Aer.
Title: Monster High: Boo York, Boo York | Genres: animation, family, music | Overview: It's fright lights, big city when the Monster High ghouls head to Boo York! Cleo de Nile is invited to attend a gancy gala celebrating the return of the magical comet and, of course, she brings along her beast friends. But their trip isn't all fun and frightseeing because Nefera, Cleo's sister, uses the comet's power for her own spooktacularly sneaky plans. Can the monsters unwrap the mystery of the comet in time to stop Nefera? Find out in Booy York, Boo York, the first-ever Monster High musical, featuring eight original songs.
Title: Just Like Heaven | Genres: fantasy, romance, drama, comedy | Overview: Shortly after David Abbott moves into his new San Francisco digs, he has an unwelcome visitor on his hands: winsome Elizabeth Martinson, who asserts that the apartment is hers -- and promptly vanishes. When she starts appearing and disappearing at will, David thinks she's a ghost, while Elizabeth is convinced she's alive.
Title: The 13th Warrior | Genres: adventure, history, action | Overview: A Muslim ambassador exiled from his homeland, Ahmad ibn Fadlan finds himself in the company of Vikings. While the behavior of the Norsemen initially offends ibn Fadlan, the more cultured outsider grows to respect the tough, if uncouth, warriors. During their travels together, ibn Fadlan and the Vikings get word of an evil presence closing in, and they must fight the frightening and formidable force, which was previously thought to exist only in legend.
Title: Mortdecai | Genres: comedy, adventure | Overview: An art dealer, Charles Mortdecai, searches for a stolen painting rumored to contain a secret code that gains access to hidden Nazi gold.
Title: The Dukes of Hazzard: The Beginning | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, tv movie | Overview: When mischievous teenaged cousins Bo and Luke Duke are arrested, both boys are paroled to the care of their Uncle Jesse in Hazzard, sentenced to a summer of hard work. It's not long before the Duke boys learn of Boss Hogg's plans to foreclose on Uncle Jesse's farm. Together, with help from their cousin Daisy, Bo and Luke vow to save the family's property and its storied history of producing the best moonshine in all of Hazzard.
Title: A Goofy Movie | Genres: romance, animation, family, comedy, adventure | Overview: Though Goofy always means well, his amiable cluelessness and klutzy pratfalls regularly embarrass his awkward adolescent son, Max. When Max's lighthearted prank on his high-school principal finally gets his longtime crush, Roxanne, to notice him, he asks her on a date. Max's trouble at school convinces Goofy that he and the boy need to bond over a cross-country fishing trip like the one he took with his dad when he was Max's age, which throws a kink in his son's plans to impress Roxanne.
Title: Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging | Genres: comedy, drama, family, romance | Overview: Georgia Nicolson is fourteen, lives with nosey parents who don't understand her, an annoying three year old sister and has to wear a beret to school. She would, however, rather be blonde, have a smaller nose and a boyfriend. Revolving around her hilarious journal entries, prepare to be engulfed in the world of the soaring joys and bottomless angst of being a teenager.
Title: Just Before I Go | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Ted Morgan has been treading water for most of his life. After his wife leaves him, Ted realizes he has nothing left to live for. Summoning the courage for one last act, Ted decides to go home and face the people he feels are responsible for creating the shell of a person he has become. But life is tricky. The more determined Ted is to confront his demons, to get closure, and to withdraw from his family, the more Ted is yanked into the chaos of their lives. So, when Ted Morgan decides to kill himself, he finds a reason to live.
Title: Immortals | Genres: fantasy, action, drama | Overview: Theseus is a mortal man chosen by Zeus to lead the fight against the ruthless King Hyperion, who is on a rampage across Greece to obtain a weapon that can destroy humanity.
"Title: I Am Mother | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: A teenage girl is raised underground by a robot ""Mother"", designed to repopulate the earth following an extinction event. But their unique bond is threatened when an inexplicable stranger arrives with alarming news."
Title: Conan the Destroyer | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: Conan is commissioned by the evil queen Taramis to safely escort a teen princess and her powerful bodyguard to a far away castle to retrieve the magic Horn of Dagoth. Unknown to Conan, the queen plans to sacrifice the princess when she returns and inherit her kingdom after the bodyguard kills Conan. The queen's plans fail to take into consideration Conan's strength and cunning and the abilities of his sidekicks: the eccentric wizard Akiro, the warrior woman Zula, and the inept Malak. Together the hero and his allies must defeat both mortal and supernatural foes in this voyage to sword-and-sorcery land.
Title: Black Book | Genres: drama, thriller, war | Overview: In the Nazi-occupied Netherlands during World War II, a Jewish singer infiltrates the regional Gestapo headquarters for the Dutch resistance.
Title: A Most Violent Year | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A thriller set in New York City during the winter of 1981, statistically one of the most violent years in the city's history, and centered on the lives of an immigrant and his family trying to expand their business and capitalize on opportunities as the rampant violence, decay, and corruption of the day drag them in and threaten to destroy all they have built.
Title: The Machinist | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: The Machinist is the story of Trevor Reznik, a lathe-operator who is suffering from insomnia. In a machine shop, occupational hazards are bad enough under normal circumstances; yet for Trevor the risks are compounded by fatigue. Trevor has lost the ability to sleep. This is no ordinary insomnia...
Title: A Dark Truth | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: In the jungles of Ecuador, blood taints the waters. A multinational conglomerate's unholy alliance with a bloodthirsty military regime has resulted in a massacre. Only the rebel Francisco Franco and his determined wife Mia can prove the truth. To settle a personal debt, former CIA agent Jack Begosian takes on the freelance assignment to rescue Francisco and risks everything in a brutal battle to expose the cover-up.
Title: Borat Subsequent Moviefilm | Genres: comedy | Overview: 14 years after making a film about his journey across the USA, Borat risks life and limb when he returns to the United States with his young daughter, and reveals more about the culture, the COVID-19 pandemic, and the political elections.
Title: Where Eagles Dare | Genres: action, adventure, war | Overview: World War II is raging, and an American general has been captured and is being held hostage in the Schloss Adler, a Bavarian castle that's nearly impossible to breach. It's up to a group of skilled Allied soldiers to liberate the general before it's too late.
Title: The School Teacher | Genres: comedy | Overview: Edwige Fenech plays the sexy private teacher of Franco (Alfredo Pea) who immediately falls madly in love with her. Franco tries and tries to seduce her by faking his own suicide.
Title: Little Monsters | Genres: adventure, fantasy, comedy, family | Overview: A young boy is scared of the monster under his bed. He asks his 6th grade brother to swap rooms for the night as a bet that the monster really exists. Soon the brother becomes friends with the monster and discovers a whole new world of fun and games under his bed where pulling pranks on kids and other monsters is the main attraction.
Title: Mary and The Witch's Flower | Genres: fantasy, adventure, animation | Overview: Mary Smith, a young girl who lives with her great-aunt in the countryside, follows a mysterious cat into the nearby forest where she finds a strange flower and an old broom, none of which is as ordinary as it seems.
Title: Mobile Suit Gundam I | Genres: animation, science fiction, action, adventure, drama, war | Overview: In the year Universal Century 0079, humans have colonized the area of space lying in between the Earth and the moon. However the ambitious Zabi family, rulers of the Duchy of Zeon (the grouping of colonies furthest from the earth) has sparked a war.
Title: Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: Dorothy wakes up in post-tornado Kansas, only to be whisked back to Oz to try to save her old friends the Scarecrow, the Lion, the Tin Man and Glinda from a devious new villain, the Jester. Wiser the owl, Marshal Mallow, China Princess and Tugg the tugboat join Dorothy on her latest magical journey through the colorful landscape of Oz to restore order and happiness to Emerald City.
Title: Return to Jurassic Park | Genres: documentary, action, adventure, thriller | Overview: A multi-part documentary about the making of the Jurassic Park trilogy. Each part walks through the making of part of one of the films, including the hurricane during the shooting of the first film, and how advances in CGI for Jurassic Park helped change the world of special effects forever. All interviews for these retrospective documentaries come with comments from Spielberg, Johnston, Neill, Dern, Goldblum, the effects crews, the child actors, and Peter Stormare. This documentary is broken into five parts: Dawn of a New Era (25 min) Making Prehistory (20 min), the Next Step in Evolution (15 min), and the Third Adventure (25 min), Finding the Lost World (28 min), and Something Survived (16 min).
Title: Afro Samurai: Resurrection | Genres: animation, action | Overview: Afro Samurai avenged his father and found a life of peace. But the legendary master is forced back into the game by a beautiful and deadly woman from his past. The sparks of violence dropped along Afro’s bloody path now burn out of control – and nowhere are the flames of hatred more intense than in the eyes of Sio.
Title: Barbie & Her Sisters in a Puppy Chase | Genres: family, animation | Overview: Barbie and her sisters go to an island paradise for a dance competition, but they must work together as a team to find their pets after their furry friends go missing at a horse festival.
Title: The Graduate | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Benjamin, a recent college graduate very worried about his future, finds himself in a love triangle with an older woman and her daughter.
Title: The Boy Next Door | Genres: thriller | Overview: A recently cheated on married woman falls for a younger man who has moved in next door, but their torrid affair soon takes a dangerous turn.
Title: Sympathy for Lady Vengeance | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: After a 13-year imprisonment for the kidnap and murder of a 6 year old boy, beautiful Lee Guem-ja starts seeking revenge on the man that was really responsible for the boy's death. With the help of fellow inmates and reunited with her daughter, she gets closer and closer to her goal. But will her actions lead to the relief she seeks?
Title: Ratchet & Clank | Genres: action, adventure, animation, family | Overview: When the galaxy comes under the threat of a nefarious space captain, a mechanic and his newfound robot ally join an elite squad of combatants to save the universe.
Title: Breakfast at Tiffany's | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Holly Golightly is an eccentric New York City playgirl determined to marry a Brazilian millionaire. But when young writer Paul Varjak moves into her apartment building, her past threatens to get in their way.
Title: Practical Magic | Genres: romance, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Sally and Gillian Owens, born into a magical family, have mostly avoided witchcraft themselves. But when Gillian's vicious boyfriend, Jimmy Angelov, dies unexpectedly, the Owens sisters give themselves a crash course in hard magic. With policeman Gary Hallet growing suspicious, the girls struggle to resurrect Angelov -- and unwittingly inject his corpse with an evil spirit that threatens to end their family line.
Title: Good Kids | Genres: comedy | Overview: Four high school students look to redefine themselves after graduation.
Title: Babe | Genres: fantasy, drama, comedy, family | Overview: Babe is a little pig who doesn't quite know his place in the world. With a bunch of odd friends, like Ferdinand the duck who thinks he is a rooster and Fly the dog he calls mum, Babe realises that he has the makings to become the greatest sheep pig of all time, and Farmer Hogget knows it. With the help of the sheep dogs, Babe learns that a pig can be anything that he wants to be.
Title: Menace II Society | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Sobering and incisive, this cautionary drama centers on a street tough 18-year-old facing a moral quandary while trying to turn his life around.
Title: Hours | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A father struggles to keep his infant daughter alive in the wake of Hurricane Katrina.
Title: Wendy Wu: Homecoming Warrior | Genres: family, action, adventure, tv movie | Overview: It is the story of an average, popular American teenager named Wendy Wu who discovers that in order to win the coveted crown she must first learn the way of the warrior. Wendy Wu has a one track mind, and that track leads directly to the title of homecoming queen -- no unscheduled stops, and no unnecessary detours. When a mysterious Chinese monk named Shen arrives to mold Wendy into a fearless kung fu warrior, however, her royal aspirations suddenly jump the track as she desperately attempts to juggle her boyfriend, her homework, and of course, the fierce competition to become homecoming queen. Now, as Wendy begins to train her mind, body, and spirit in the ancient tradition of the martial arts and her inner warrior gradually begins to emerge, the girl who once obsessed over popularity finally begins to put that popularity into perspective as she gradually realizes what truly matters in life.
Title: Khumba | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: A half-striped zebra is blamed for the drought and leaves his herd in search of his missing stripes. He is joined on his quest by an overprotective wildebeest and a flamboyant ostrich; they defeat the tyrannical leopard and save his herd.
"Title: Jarhead 3: The Siege | Genres: war, action, drama | Overview: Corporal Evan Albright joined the elite Marine Corps Security Guards to save the world and see some action-not necessarily in that order. But his first assignment, protecting a U. S. Embassy in a seemingly safe Middle Eastern capitol, relegates his unit to wrangling ""gate groupies"" protesting outside the compound and honing their marksmanship by playing video games. So Albright and his team are caught off guard when well-armed and well-trained militants launch a surprise attack aimed at killing an informant in the embassy. Heavily out-gunned, they will have to muster all the courage and fire power they can as their once routine assignment spirals into all-out war."
Title: Italian Spiderman | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: This is an Australian-made parody of Italian action–adventure films of the 60s and 70s. and foreign movies that misappropriated popular American superheroes such as the Japanese TV series “Spider-Man”. (It should be noted that the Japanese Spider-Man was officially sanctioned by Marvel and is considered canon in the Marvel universe) This is an Italian take on the comic book superhero Spider-Man.
Title: Animal World | Genres: drama, action, adventure, thriller, mystery, fantasy | Overview: Drifting aimlessly through life, Kaisi (Li Yi Feng) has racked up debts of several million having borrowed money from his friends. Lured with the promise of writing it all off, Kaisi leaves his ailing mother and childhood sweetheart Qing (Zhou Dongyu) to board the ship Destiny and attend a gambling party controlled by the mysterious Anderson (Michael Douglas). All players join the game with stars. For each game they lose, their opponent captures a star. Everyone is holding daggers behind their backs plotting dirty means by which to overcome their opponents. The game quickly deteriorates into a slaughter and Kaisi must battle save his own skin…
Title: Tom and Jerry: The Movie | Genres: family, animation, comedy | Overview: The popular cartoon cat and mouse are thrown into a feature film. The story has the twosome trying to help an orphan girl who is being berated and exploited by a greedy guardian.
Title: The Wild Thornberrys Movie | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: Eliza and Debbie are two sisters who don't always get along. But their relationship is put to the test when Debbie's life is in danger, and Eliza might have to give up her power to talk to animals....
Title: The Dead Pool | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Dirty Harry Callahan returns for his final film adventure. Together with his partner Al Quan, he must investigate the systematic murder of actors and musicians. By the time Harry learns that the murders are a part of a sick game to predict the deaths of celebrities before they happen, it may be too late...
Title: After the Sunset | Genres: action, comedy, crime, drama | Overview: An FBI agent is suspicious of two master thieves, quietly enjoying their retirement near what may - or may not - be the biggest score of their careers.
Title: Echo Boomers | Genres: crime, drama, action | Overview: Five post grads figure the best way to get back at the unfair economy and live the life they've always wanted is to steal from the rich and give to themselves.
Title: In Your Eyes | Genres: drama, science fiction, romance | Overview: Two seemingly unconnected souls from different corners of the United States make a telepathic bond that allows them to see, hear and feel the other's experiences, creating a bond that apparently can't be broken.
Title: There's Something About Mario | Genres: comedy | Overview: Mario decides to tell his family the truth about himself. But when he is finally ready to come out in front of the entire family, his older brother Vicente ruins his plans.
Title: Mater | Genres: drama | Overview: Mater is a film about the struggle between love and law; about social differences and distances that these generate. And about love, that crosses all, allows all: both good and evil.
Title: Extinction | Genres: drama, horror, science fiction | Overview: And suddenly, overnight, the world came to a halt. Two men, two survivors, one kid, and hatred that separates them. A place forgotten by everyone, including the creatures that inhabit the Earth... until now.
Title: Street Fighter | Genres: action, adventure, thriller, drama, science fiction | Overview: Col. Guile and various other martial arts heroes fight against the tyranny of Dictator M. Bison and his cohorts.
Title: Stuck in Love | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: An acclaimed writer, his ex-wife, and their teenaged children come to terms with the complexities of love in all its forms over the course of one tumultuous year.
Title: Beautiful Creatures | Genres: fantasy, drama, romance | Overview: Ethan Wate just wants to get to know Lena Duchannes better, but unbeknownst to him, Lena has strange powers. As Lena's 16th birthday approaches she might decide her fate, to be good or evil. A choice which will impact her relationship forever.
Title: Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues | Genres: comedy | Overview: With the 70s behind him, San Diego's top rated newsman, Ron Burgundy, returns to take New York's first 24-hour news channel by storm.
Title: Mother's Job | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: A young man falls in love with his friend's mother. Hyun-woo, who returned to the military, starts a part-time job at a bar in a difficult situation, where he meets Yoo-sun, a woman who captures the hearts of customers with her skillful ways. Then one day, Hyun-woo, who was alone with her, finds himself in a shock with his friends Min-seok and Yoo-sun. When Hyun-woo confesses the truth after a hard time, Yoo-sun asks her to keep her relationship secret. Hyun-woo, who failed to reject Min-seok's proposal to live in his own home, begins a breathtaking cohabitation with Yoo-sun.
Title: 1922 | Genres: horror, crime, drama, history | Overview: A simple yet proud rancher conspires to murder his wife for financial gain, convincing his teenage son to participate.
Title: Tangled: Before Ever After | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family, fantasy, tv movie | Overview: Rapunzel grapples with the responsibilities of being a princess and the overprotective ways of her father. While she wholeheartedly loves Eugene, Rapunzel does not share his immediate desire to get married and settle down within the castle walls. Determined to live life on her own terms, she and her tough-as-nails Lady-in-Waiting Cassandra embark on a secret adventure where they encounter mystical rocks that magically cause Rapunzel's long blonde hair to grow back. Impossible to break and difficult to hide, Rapunzel must learn to embrace her hair and all that it represents.
Title: Cradle 2 the Grave | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: Gang leader Tony pulls off a major diamond heist with his crew, but cop-turned-criminal Ling knows who has the loot and responds by kidnapping Tony's daughter and holding her for ransom. Unfortunately, Tony's lost the diamonds as well. As he frantically searches for his daughter and the jewels, Tony pairs with a high-kicking government agent who once worked with Ling and seeks revenge on him.
Title: Mune: Guardian of the Moon | Genres: animation, family, adventure, fantasy, comedy | Overview: When a faun named Mune becomes the Guardian of the Moon, little did he had unprepared experience with the Moon and an accident that could put both the Moon and the Sun in danger, including a corrupt titan named Necross who wants the Sun for himself and placing the balance of night and day in great peril. Now with the help of a wax-child named Glim and the warrior, Sohone who also became the Sun Guardian, they go out on an exciting journey to get the Sun back and restore the Moon to their rightful place in the sky.
Title: How to Make Love to a Woman | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: When Andy hears his girlfriend Lauren sigh after sex, he panics. But even with the help of his friends, porn stars and tantric experts, he continues to stumble in the bedroom, finally realizing that in order to give Lauren the 'O' word, he first needs to say the 'L' word. Starring Josh Meyers, Krysten Ritter, Ian Somerhalder, Jenna Jameson and Ken Jeong.
Title: Melissa P. | Genres: drama | Overview: An adolescent girl, living with her mother and her grandmother, will have her first sexual experiences in a heavy and excessive way.
Title: The Warriors | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Prominent gang leader Cyrus calls a meeting of New York's gangs to set aside their turf wars and take over the city. At the meeting, a rival leader kills Cyrus, but a Coney Island gang called the Warriors is wrongly blamed for Cyrus' death. Before you know it, the cops and every gangbanger in town is hot on the Warriors' trail.
Title: I Kill Giants | Genres: fantasy, drama | Overview: Sophia, a new high school student, tries to make friends with Barbara, who tells her that “she kills giants,” protecting this way her hometown and its inhabitants, who do not understand her strange behavior.
Title: Journey to the Center of the Earth | Genres: adventure, fantasy, family | Overview: An Edinburgh professor and assorted colleagues follow an explorer's trail down an extinct Icelandic volcano to the earth's center.
Title: Vice | Genres: thriller, science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: Julian Michaels has designed the ultimate resort: VICE, where anything goes and the customers can play out their wildest fantasies with artificial inhabitants who look, think and feel like humans. When an artificial becomes self-aware and escapes, she finds herself caught in the crossfire between Julian's mercenaries and a cop who is hell-bent on shutting down Vice, and stopping the violence once and for all.
Title: A Turtle's Tale: Sammy's Adventures | Genres: animation, family | Overview: A sea turtle who was hatched in 1959 spends the next 50 years traveling the world while it is being changed by global warming. Born on a Baja, California beach in 1959, new hatchling Sammy must do what his fellow newborn sea turtles are doing: race across the beach to the ocean before they are captured by a seagull or crab. Thus begins Sammy's incredible fifty-year ocean journey. Along the way he meets his best friend, a fellow turtle named Ray, and overcomes obstacles both natural and man-made while trying to fulfill his dream of travelling around the world. Throughout his voyage, Sammy never forgets about Shelly - the turtle he saved on his first day and loves passionately from afar.
Title: The Key | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: After twenty years of marriage, art professor Nino Rolfe attempts to break down his wife Teresa's conventional modesty. Noticing her affection for their daughter's fiancé, Nino instigates her sexual interest in him as well. This sets off a chain of unexpected events and emotional complications, as Nino and his unpredictable fascist daughter find that they both enjoy being jealous.
"Title: The Legend of the Chupacabras | Genres: animation, action, adventure, fantasy, horror | Overview: Leo San Juan and his team of ""ghostbusters"" continue with their adventures, this time fighting against the mexican monster himself: ""El Chupacabras""."
Title: Valkyrie | Genres: drama, thriller, history, war | Overview: Wounded in Africa during World War II, Nazi Col. Claus von Stauffenberg returns to his native Germany and joins the Resistance in a daring plan to create a shadow government and assassinate Adolf Hitler. When events unfold so that he becomes a central player, he finds himself tasked with both leading the coup and personally killing the Führer.
Title: Ice Soldiers | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: A scientist discovers the bodies of three frozen genetically modified Russians buried in the Canadian North. Upon thawing them out he realizes he has unleashed a deadly threat to Western society and must stop them at all costs.
Title: Killing Cabos | Genres: comedy, action, crime | Overview: Oscar Cabos, a multimillionaire tycoon, is being held for ransom--only his captors have nabbed the wrong man. Now, to get their money, they must find the real Cabos--which could get tricky since he's been counter-kidnapped by his future son-in-law and impersonated by his childhood friend (now his janitor), Nacho.
Title: The Saint | Genres: action, adventure, crime | Overview: International master thief, Simon Templar, also known as The Saint, is asked by a desperate rich man to find his kidnapped daughter. However, in addition to evading the authorities, Simon must face a dangerous adversary from his past.
Title: World's Greatest Dad | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: In the wake of a freak accident, Lance suffers the worst tragedy and the greatest opportunity of his life. He is suddenly faced with the possibility of fame, fortune and popularity, if he can only live with the knowledge of how he got there.
Title: Pokémon: Zoroark - Master of Illusions | Genres: family, animation, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Ash and his friends must stop a greedy media mogul from using the shape-shifting Zoroark to capture the time-travelling Celebi.
Title: Paranormal Movie | Genres: comedy | Overview: A man, long haunted by the paranormal, captures on camera the horror and hilarity he and his beautiful girlfriend encounter after moving into a new home.
"Title: Ed, Edd n Eddy's Big Picture Show | Genres: comedy, animation, adventure, tv movie | Overview: When a scam goes horribly wrong and leaves the neighborhood kids furious, the Eds embark on a journey to find Eddy's brother in the ""Ed, Edd, n Eddy"" series finale."
Title: Rosario Tijeras | Genres: crime, romance, drama | Overview: Rosario Tijeras has been abused by men all her life, initially by her stepfather. Years later, she works as a paid assassin, seducing men and killing them when they least expect it. She meets Emilio, a wealthy womanizer, and his best friend, Antonio, at a nightclub, and starts an affair with Emilio despite Antonio's growing feelings for her. But circumstances bring her closer to Antonio, until her past catches up with her in a devastating way.
Title: End of Watch | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Two young officers are marked for death after confiscating a small cache of money and firearms from the members of a notorious cartel during a routine traffic stop.
Title: Bridesmaids | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Annie's life is a mess. But when she finds out her lifetime best friend is engaged, she simply must serve as Lillian's maid of honor. Though lovelorn and broke, Annie bluffs her way through the expensive and bizarre rituals. With one chance to get it perfect, she’ll show Lillian and her bridesmaids just how far you’ll go for someone you love.
Title: Psychokinesis | Genres: fantasy, action | Overview: An ordinary guy suddenly finds he has superpowers he can use to help his spirited daughter and the people around them, but he also runs into trouble in the process.
Title: Lucky Number Slevin | Genres: drama, thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: Slevin is mistakenly put in the middle of a personal war between the city’s biggest criminal bosses. Under constant watch, Slevin must try not to get killed by an infamous assassin and come up with an idea of how to get out of his current dilemma.
Title: Collateral | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: Cab driver Max picks up a man who offers him $600 to drive him around. But the promise of easy money sours when Max realizes his fare is an assassin.
Title: The Goldfinch | Genres: drama | Overview: A boy in New York is taken in by a wealthy family after his mother is killed in a bombing at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. In a rush of panic, he steals 'The Goldfinch', a painting that eventually draws him into a world of crime.
Title: Mary Queen of Scots | Genres: drama, history | Overview: In 1561, Mary Stuart, widow of the King of France, returns to Scotland, reclaims her rightful throne and menaces the future of Queen Elizabeth I as ruler of England, because she has a legitimate claim to the English throne. Betrayals, rebellions, conspiracies and their own life choices imperil both Queens. They experience the bitter cost of power, until their tragic fate is finally fulfilled.
Title: Ravenous | Genres: horror, drama, science fiction | Overview: In an isolated rural community of Quebec, Canada, some inhabitants attack other people, hungry for human flesh. A few survivors gather and go deep into the forest to escape them.
Title: Hey Arnold! The Jungle Movie | Genres: family, comedy, animation, adventure | Overview: When their trip to San Lorenzo takes a turn for the worst, Arnold and his classmate’s only hope of getting home is retracing the dangerous path that led to Arnold's parents' disappearance.
Title: Outlaw King | Genres: action, history, drama, war | Overview: Forced into exile by the English after being crowned King of Scotland, legendary warrior Robert the Bruce fights to reclaim the throne.
Title: Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil and Vile | Genres: crime | Overview: A chronicle of the crimes of Ted Bundy, from the perspective of his longtime girlfriend, Elizabeth Kloepfer, who refused to believe the truth about him for years.
Title: Gully | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: A slightly dystopian vision of LA, we follow three disaffected teenagers, Jessie, Calvin and Nicky, all victims of extreme childhoods, running supreme hedonistic riot as they try to work out a way in life.
Title: No Retreat, No Surrender | Genres: action | Overview: Young Jason Stillwell moves with his parents to Seattle, where local bullies harass them without mercy. Jason's father Tom does not believe in violence, so the family takes it on the chin. One day Jason enrolls in a martial arts class and quietly rises in rank to be a major contender. His mettle is tested in an international match against Ivan, a Russian champion.
Title: Fallen Angels | Genres: action, romance, crime | Overview: In this bifurcated crime narrative, a disillusioned hitman attempts to escape from his violent lifestyle against the wishes of his partner, who is infatuated with him, and an eccentric mute repeatedly encounters, then subsequently falls for a depressed woman looking for the prostitute who supposedly stole her ex-boyfriend's affections.
Title: Hairspray | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: Pleasantly plump teenager Tracy Turnblad auditions to be on Baltimore's most popular dance show - The Corny Collins Show - and lands a prime spot. Through her newfound fame, she becomes determined to help her friends and end the racial segregation that has been a staple of the show.
Title: The Bridge on the River Kwai | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: The classic story of English POWs in Burma forced to build a bridge to aid the war effort of their Japanese captors. British and American intelligence officers conspire to blow up the structure, but Col. Nicholson , the commander who supervised the bridge's construction, has acquired a sense of pride in his creation and tries to foil their plans.
Title: Beverly Hills Cop | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: The heat is on in this fast paced action-comedy starring Eddie Murphy as Axel Foley, a street smart Detroit cop tracking down his best friend's killer in Beverly Hills. Axel quickly learns that his wild style doesn't fit in with the Beverly Hills Police Department, which assigns two officers (Judge Reinhold & John Ashton) to make sure things don't get out of hand. Dragging the stuffy detectives along for the ride, Axel smashes through a huge culture clash in his hilarious, high-speed pursuit of justice. Featuring cameos by Paul Reiser, Bronson Pinchot and Damon Wayans, Beverly Hills Cop is an exhilarating, sidesplitting adventure.
Title: Bigfoot Family | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: Bigfoot, Adam's father, wants to use his fame for a good cause. Protecting a large wildlife reserve in Alaska sounds like the perfect opportunity! When Bigfoot mysteriously disappears without a trace, Adam and his animal friends will brave anything to find him again and save the nature reserve.
Title: Filth | Genres: crime, drama, comedy | Overview: A bigoted junkie cop suffering from bipolar disorder and drug addiction manipulates and hallucinates his way through the festive season in a bid to secure promotion and win back his wife and daughter.
Title: COVID-21: Lethal Virus | Genres: science fiction, thriller, horror | Overview: The climate change has released an ancient rabies virus trapped in the Antarctica ice. A female scientist tries to get to the laboratory to create a cure to save the world, protected by an eccentric and two members of the special forces.
Title: The Dukes of Hazzard | Genres: comedy, adventure, action | Overview: Cousins, Bo and Luke Duke, with the help of their eye-catching cousin, Daisy and moonshine-running Uncle Jesse, try and save the family farm from being destroyed by Hazzard County's corrupt commissioner, Boss Hogg. Their efforts constantly find the 'Duke Boys' eluding authorities in 'The General Lee', their 1969 orange Dodge Charger that keeps them one step ahead of the dimwitted antics of the small southern town's Sheriff, Roscoe P. Coltrane.
Title: Cruel Intentions 3 | Genres: drama | Overview: Meet Cassie, Jason and Patrick, three amoral college students who, through a series of sexual wagers, take malicious pleasure in ruining the lives of their fellow classmates.
Title: Deliver Us from Evil | Genres: thriller, crime, horror | Overview: When a frightening wave of violence sweeps through New York City, troubled cop Sarchie fails to find a rational explanation for the bizarre crimes. However, his eyes are opened to a frightening alternate reality when renegade Jesuit priest Mendoza convinces him that demonic possession may be to blame for the gruesome murders. Together, they wage a valiant supernatural struggle to rid the city of an otherworldly evil.
Title: Cutthroat Island | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: Morgan Adams and her slave, William Shaw, are on a quest to recover the three portions of a treasure map. Unfortunately, the final portion is held by her murderous uncle, Dawg. Her crew is skeptical of her leadership abilities, so she must complete her quest before they mutiny against her. This is made yet more difficult by the efforts of the British crown to end her pirate raids.
Title: Blank Check | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Bullied by his siblings and nagged by his parents, 11-year-old Preston is fed up with his family -- especially their frugality. But he gets his chance to teach them a lesson when a money-laundering criminal nearly bulldozes Preston with his car and gives the boy a blank check as compensation. Preston makes the check out for $1 million and goes on a spending spree he'll never forget. Maybe now, his family will take him seriously!
Title: Casino Royale | Genres: adventure, action, comedy | Overview: Sir James Bond is called back out of retirement to stop SMERSH. In order to trick SMERSH, James thinks up the ultimate plan - that every agent will be named 'James Bond'. One of the Bonds, whose real name is Evelyn Tremble is sent to take on Le Chiffre in a game of baccarat, but all the Bonds get more than they can handle.
Title: Color Out of Space | Genres: mystery, science fiction, horror, thriller | Overview: The Gardner family moves to a remote farmstead in rural New England to escape the hustle of the 21st century. They are busy adapting to their new life when a meteorite crashes into their front yard, melts into the earth, and infects both the land and the properties of space-time with a strange, otherworldly colour. To their horror, the family discovers this alien force is gradually mutating every life form that it touches—including them.
Title: Deadly Illusions | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: A bestselling female novelist, suffering from writer's block, hires an innocent young woman to watch over her twin children. As the novelist dangerously indulges in her new best seller, the line between the life she's writing and the one she's living becomes blurred.
Title: Replicas | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: A scientist becomes obsessed with returning his family to normalcy after a terrible accident.
Title: Great Expectations | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: In this Dickens adaptation, orphan Pip discovers through lawyer Mr. Jaggers that a mysterious benefactor wishes to ensure that he becomes a gentleman. Reunited with his childhood patron, Miss Havisham, and his first love, the beautiful but emotionally cold Estella, he discovers that the elderly spinster has gone mad from having been left at the altar as a young woman, and has made her charge into a warped, unfeeling heartbreaker.
Title: Breathe | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Based on the true story of Robin, a handsome, brilliant and adventurous man whose life takes a dramatic turn when polio leaves him paralyzed.
Title: The Great Hack | Genres: documentary | Overview: Data—arguably the world’s most valuable asset—is being weaponized to wage cultural and political wars. The dark world of data exploitation is uncovered through the unpredictable, personal journeys of players on different sides of the explosive Cambridge Analytica/Facebook data story.
Title: The Vatican Tapes | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: In a highly secured vault deep within the walls of Vatican City, the Catholic Church holds thousands of old films and video footage documenting exorcisms/supposed exorcisms and other unexplained religious phenomena they feel the world is not ready to see. This is the first tape - Case 83-G - stolen from these archives and exposed to the public by an anonymous source.
Title: ReLIFE | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Arata Kaizaki is 27-years-old and unemployed. He quit his prior job after working for the company for 3 months. Arata Kaizaki decides to take part in a research program. He takes medication that makes him look younger and he is to attend high school for a year. There, he falls in love with female high school student Chizuru Hishiro.
Title: A Dark Place | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: When a young boy turns up dead in a sleepy Pennsylvania town, a local sanitation truck driver, Donald, plays detective, embarking on a precarious and obsessive investigation to prove the boy was murdered.
Title: Ghost Dog: The Way of the Samurai | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: An African-American Mafia hit man who models himself after the samurai of old finds himself targeted for death by the mob. Jarmusch's spiritual gangster film tells the story of an inner-city hit man (Whitaker) who lives on a rooftop, training himself as a samurai in the strictest sense. He communicates primarily by carrier pigeon, while remaining loyal to a gangster (Tormey) who once saved his life.
Title: Hop | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: E.B., the Easter Bunny's teenage son, heads to Hollywood, determined to become a drummer in a rock 'n' roll band. In L.A., he's taken in by Fred after the out-of-work slacker hits E.B. with his car.
Title: Blade of the Immortal | Genres: action, drama, fantasy | Overview: Manji, a highly skilled samurai, becomes cursed with immortality after a legendary battle. Haunted by the brutal murder of his sister, Manji knows that only fighting evil will regain his soul. He promises to help a young girl named Rin avenge her parents, who were killed by a group of master swordsmen led by ruthless warrior Anotsu. The mission will change Manji in ways he could never imagine.
Title: Flags of Our Fathers | Genres: war, drama, history | Overview: There were five Marines and one Navy Corpsman photographed raising the U.S. flag on Mt. Suribachi by Joe Rosenthal on February 23, 1945. This is the story of three of the six surviving servicemen - John 'Doc' Bradley, Pvt. Rene Gagnon and Pvt. Ira Hayes - who fought in the battle to take Iwo Jima from the Japanese.
Title: Yogi Bear | Genres: comedy, family, animation, adventure | Overview: A documentary filmmaker travels to Jellystone Park to shoot a project and soon crosses paths with Yogi Bear, his sidekick Boo-Boo, and Ranger Smith.
Title: Megan Is Missing | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: Fourteen-year–old Megan and her best friend Amy spend a lot of time on the internet, posting videos of themselves and chatting with guys online. One night Megan chats with a guy named Josh who convinces her to meet him for a date. The next day, Megan is missing—forever. Based on actual cases of child abduction.
Title: The Secret of Kells | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: Adventure awaits 12 year old Brendan who must fight Vikings and a serpent god to find a crystal and complete the legendary Book of Kells. In order to finish Brother Aiden's book, Brendan must overcome his deepest fears on a secret quest that will take him beyond the abbey walls and into the enchanted forest where dangerous mythical creatures hide. Will Brendan succeed in his quest?
Title: Corazón ardiente | Genres: drama, documentary | Overview: An invincible, but unknown force ardently aspires to save the world - To achieve it, would it be enough to announce it?
Title: Happy Gilmore | Genres: comedy | Overview: Failed hockey player-turned-golf whiz Happy Gilmore -- whose unconventional approach and antics on the grass courts the ire of rival Shooter McGavin -- is determined to win a PGA tournament so he can save his granny's house with the prize money. Meanwhile, an attractive tour publicist tries to soften Happy's image.
"Title: Last Man | Genres: drama, science fiction | Overview: A vision of the history and future of mankind, inspired by Nietzsche's ""Thus Spoke Zarathustra""."
Title: My Bloody Valentine | Genres: mystery, horror | Overview: Ten years ago, a tragedy changed the town of Harmony forever. Tom Hanniger, an inexperienced coal miner, caused an accident in the tunnels that trapped and killed five men and sent the only survivor, Harry Warden, into a permanent coma. But Harry Warden wanted revenge. Exactly one year later, on Valentine’s Day, he woke up…and brutally murdered twenty-two people with a pickaxe before being killed.
Title: Detachment | Genres: drama | Overview: A chronicle of three weeks in the lives of several high school teachers, administrators and students through the eyes of substitute teacher, Henry Barthes. Henry roams from school to school, imparting modes of knowledge, but never staying long enough to form any semblance of sentient attachment.
Title: Barbie: Star Light Adventure | Genres: animation, family, science fiction | Overview: Barbie is a cosmic princess who flies high on her hoverboard through a far-off universe with her adorable and devoted pet sidekick, Pupcorn. One day, everything changes when the twinkling stars start to dim and slow their dance in the sky. Barbie travels to a beautiful new planet to join a special rescue team on a mission to save the stars. Once there, she teams up with a group of talented new friends who work together to save the galaxy through exciting hoverboarding adventures. Barbie soon discovers that if she listens to her heart, and with the help of her friends, she might be the leader the whole universe has been waiting for!
"Title: Once Upon a Time in Mexico | Genres: action, drama, mystery | Overview: Hitman ""El Mariachi"" becomes involved in international espionage involving a psychotic CIA agent and a corrupt Mexican general."
Title: Les Misérables | Genres: history, drama | Overview: An adaptation of the successful stage musical based on Victor Hugo's classic novel set in 19th-century France, in which a paroled prisoner named Jean Valjean seeks redemption.
Title: My Boyfriend's Meds | Genres: comedy | Overview: A Woman's island getaway with her boyfriend is thrown for a loop when he forgets to take his prescription medications along.
Title: Journey to the West: Conquering the Demons | Genres: action, fantasy, adventure, comedy | Overview: In a world plagued by demons who cause great human suffering, young demon hunter Xuan Zang risks his all to conquer a water demon, a pig demon and the demon of all demons, Sun Wukong.
Title: The Road | Genres: adventure, drama | Overview: A father and his son walk alone through burned America. Nothing moves in the ravaged landscape save the ash on the wind and water. It is cold enough to crack stones, and, when the snow falls it is gray. The sky is dark. Their destination is the warmer south, although they don't know what, if anything, awaits them there.
Title: Amityville II: The Possession | Genres: horror | Overview: Eager to start afresh, the unsuspecting couple of Anthony and Dolores Montelli, along with their four children, move into their dream house in Amityville. However, right from the very first night, strange paranormal experiences shatter the Montellis' fantasy, as the restless spirits of the dead and the new home's dark secrets open the unfathomable black portal of hell. Now, the family's older child, Sonny, has become the perfect vessel of destruction, as the invisible demonic forces claim his soul. Can Father Frank Adamsky cleanse the infernal Amityville House?
Title: Errementari: The Blacksmith and the Devil | Genres: drama, fantasy, horror | Overview: Basque Country, Spain, 1843. A police constable arrives at a small village in Álava to investigate a mysterious blacksmith who lives alone deep in the woods.
Title: Beastly | Genres: drama, fantasy, romance | Overview: A curse transforms a handsome and arrogant young man into everything he detests in this contemporary retelling of Beauty and the Beast. Wealthy Kyle Kingson has everything a teenager could want in life, but he still gets off on humiliating the weaker and less attractive. When Kyle invites his misfit classmate Kendra to an environmental rally at their school, she questions his motivations but reluctantly accepts. Later, Kyle blows Kendra off, prompting the spurned goth girl to cast a dark spell on the swaggering egotist.
Title: The Secret Scripture | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The hidden memoir of an elderly woman confined to a mental hospital reveals the history of her passionate yet tortured life, and of the religious and political upheavals in Ireland during the 1920s and 30s.
Title: We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story | Genres: animation, science fiction, family | Overview: Captain New Eyes travels back in time and feeds dinosaurs his Brain Grain cereal, which makes them intelligent and non-violent. They agree to go to the Middle Future in order to grant the wishes of children in New York city. They are to meet Dr. Bleeb of the Museum of Natural History, but get sidetracked with their new children friends and run into the Captain's evil brother, Professor Screweyes.
Title: Small Soldiers | Genres: comedy, adventure, fantasy, science fiction, action | Overview: When missile technology is used to enhance toy action figures, the toys soon begin to take their battle programming too seriously.
Title: Darkness Falls | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A vengeful spirit has taken the form of the Tooth Fairy to exact vengeance on the town that lynched her 150 years earlier. Her only opposition is the only child, now grown up, who has survived her before.
Title: Combat Wombat | Genres: animation, action, comedy | Overview: Maggie Diggins, a wombat turned Wonder Woman, unintentionally becomes the city's superhero after she begrudgingly saves a rookie superhero sugar glider from certain doom.
Title: Legend | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: Set in a timeless mythical forest inhabited by fairies, goblins, unicorns and mortals, this fantastic story follows a mystical forest dweller, chosen by fate, to undertake a heroic quest. He must save the beautiful Princess Lili and defeat the demonic Lord of Darkness, or the world will be plunged into a never-ending ice age.
Title: The Wedding Planner | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: San Francisco's premiere wedding planner, Mary Fiore is rescued from an accident by the man of her dreams, paediatrician Steve Edison, only to find he is the fiancé of her latest client. As Mary continues making the wedding arrangements, she and Steve are put into a string of uncomfortable situations that force them to face their mutual attraction.
Title: Serenity | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure, thriller | Overview: When the renegade crew of Serenity agrees to hide a fugitive on their ship, they find themselves in an action-packed battle between the relentless military might of a totalitarian regime who will destroy anything – or anyone – to get the girl back and the bloodthirsty creatures who roam the uncharted areas of space. But... the greatest danger of all may be on their ship.
Title: The Tale of Despereaux | Genres: adventure, animation, family | Overview: Once upon a time... in the far away kingdom of Dor... lived a brave and virtuous mouse with comically oversized ears who dreamt of becoming a knight. Banished from his home for having such lofty ambitions, Despereaux sets off on an amazing adventure with his good-hearted rat friend Roscuro, who leads him, at long last, on a very noble quest to rescue an endangered princess and save an entire kingdom from darkness.
Title: Doraemon: Nobita's Treasure Island | Genres: animation | Overview: Doraemon, Nobita, Shizuka, Gian, and Suneo set out on an adventure in the Caribbean Sea. Nobita is the captain of a ship and fights his enemies on board. Shizuka gets kidnapped, and a storm impedes their journey. Mini-Dora help Nobita and friends on their journey. When the adventurers finally find the mysterious Treasure Island, they discover it is more than just an ordinary island.
Title: The Beautician and the Beast | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: The story follows the misadventures of a New York City beautician who is mistakenly hired as the school teacher for the children of the president of a small Eastern European country.
Title: V.C. Andrews' Pearl in the Mist | Genres: tv movie, drama | Overview: Ruby is hopeful for a new start with her twin sister as they continue their education at an all-girl's boarding school. However, she soon endures torturous punishments and public humiliation as her cruel headmistress and stepmother plot against her.
Title: IO | Genres: science fiction | Overview: As a young scientist searches for a way to save a dying Earth, she finds a connection with a man who's racing to catch the last shuttle off the planet.
Title: The Tuxedo | Genres: thriller, action, comedy, science fiction | Overview: Cabbie-turned-chauffeur Jimmy Tong learns there is really only one rule when you work for playboy millionaire Clark Devlin : Never touch Devlin's prized tuxedo. But when Devlin is temporarily put out of commission in an explosive accident, Jimmy puts on the tux and soon discovers that this extraordinary suit may be more black belt than black tie. Paired with a partner as inexperienced as he is, Jimmy becomes an unwitting secret agent.
Title: Blood Ties | Genres: thriller, crime, drama | Overview: Two brothers, on either side of the law, face off over organized crime in Brooklyn during the 1970s.
Title: Police Academy 5: Assignment Miami Beach | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: The Police Academy misfits travel to Miami Beach for Commandant Lassard to be honored with a prestigious lifetime award pending his retirement. Things take a turn when Lassard unknowingly ends up in possession of stolen diamonds from a jewel heist.
Title: Soul Plane | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Following a ridiculously awful flight that leads to his pet's death, Nashawn Wade files a lawsuit against the airline, and wins a multimillion-dollar settlement. Determined to create a better flying experience, Nashawn starts his own airline, one that caters to an African-American clientele. Going into business with a tricked-out plane piloted by the smooth Capt. Mack, the airline hits a snag when it has to deal with the family of Elvis Hunkee.
Title: Bridge of Spies | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: During the Cold War, the Soviet Union captures U.S. pilot Francis Gary Powers after shooting down his U-2 spy plane. Sentenced to 10 years in prison, Powers' only hope is New York lawyer James Donovan, recruited by a CIA operative to negotiate his release. Donovan boards a plane to Berlin, hoping to win the young man's freedom through a prisoner exchange. If all goes well, the Russians would get Rudolf Abel, the convicted spy who Donovan defended in court.
Title: Hellbound: Hellraiser II | Genres: horror | Overview: Doctor Channard is sent a new patient, a girl warning of the terrible creatures that have destroyed her family, Cenobites who offer the most intense sensations of pleasure and pain. But Channard has been searching for the doorway to Hell for years, and Kirsty must follow him to save her father and witness the power struggles among the newly damned.
Title: Suffragette | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Based on true events about the foot soldiers of the early feminist movement who were forced underground to evade the State.
Title: Jexi | Genres: comedy | Overview: Phil's new phone comes with an unexpected feature, Jexi...an A.I. determined to keep him all to herself in a comedy about what can happen when you love your phone more than all else.
Title: Donnie Brasco | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: An FBI undercover agent infilitrates the mob and finds himself identifying more with the mafia life at the expense of his regular one.
Title: iBoy | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: After an accident, Tom wakes from a coma to discover that fragments of his smart phone have been embedded in his head, and worse, that returning to normal teenage life is impossible because he has developed a strange set of super powers.
Title: Closed Circuit | Genres: mystery, drama, crime, thriller | Overview: A terrorist attack in London results in the capture of suspect, and the attorney general appoints Claudia Simmons-Howe as special advocate on his defence team. On the eve of the trial, the accused's attorney dies and a new one, Martin Rose, steps in. Martin and Claudia are former lovers—a fact which must remain hidden—and, as Martin assembles his case, he uncovers a sinister conspiracy that places him and Claudia in danger.
Title: The Entity | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: Carla Moran, a hard-working single mother, is raped in her bedroom by someone - or something - that she cannot see. Despite skeptical psychiatrists, she is repeatedly attacked in her car by this invisible force. Could this be a case of hysteria or something more horrific?
Title: My Best Friend Anne Frank | Genres: history, war, drama | Overview: Based on the real-life friendship between Anne Frank and Hannah Goslar, from Nazi-occupied Amsterdam to their harrowing reunion in a concentration camp.
Title: The Sandlot | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: During a summer of friendship and adventure, one boy becomes a part of the gang, nine boys become a team and their leader becomes a legend by confronting the terrifying mystery beyond the right field wall.
Title: The Holiday | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Two women, one from the United States and one from the United Kingdom, swap homes at Christmastime after bad breakups with their boyfriends. Each woman finds romance with a local man but realizes that the imminent return home may end the relationship.
Title: Happily N'Ever After | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: An alliance of evil-doers, led by Frieda, looks to take over Fairy Tale Land. But when Ella realizes her stepmother is out to ruin her storybook existence, she takes a dramatic turn and blossoms into the leader of the resistance effort.
Title: The Last Emperor | Genres: drama, history | Overview: A dramatic history of Pu Yi, the last of the Emperors of China, from his lofty birth and brief reign in the Forbidden City, the object of worship by half a billion people; through his abdication, his decline and dissolute lifestyle; his exploitation by the invading Japanese, and finally to his obscure existence as just another peasant worker in the People's Republic.
Title: Stasis | Genres: adventure, science fiction | Overview: After a night out of partying and left behind by her friends, Ava wakes up and sneaks back home only to find that she's already safe in bed. But that's not Ava - it's someone who looks just like her. A time-traveling fugitive has stolen Ava's body, her identity, and her life. What's more -- she's not alone. There are others, hiding in the past, secretly living among us, plotting to alter the future. Without her body, Ava is a virtual ghost, silent and invisible to the world. And, so far as she knows, she's the only one who can stop them and put the timeline back on course.
Title: The Boxtrolls | Genres: animation, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: An orphaned boy raised by underground creatures called Boxtrolls comes up from the sewers and out of his box to save his family and the town from the evil exterminator, Archibald Snatcher.
Title: Deliverance | Genres: drama, adventure, thriller | Overview: Intent on seeing the Cahulawassee River before it's turned into one huge lake, outdoor fanatic Lewis Medlock takes his friends on a river-rafting trip they'll never forget into the dangerous American back-country.
Title: RoboCop 3 | Genres: action, adventure, crime, science fiction, thriller | Overview: The mega corporation Omni Consumer Products is still bent on creating their pet project, Delta City, to replace the rotting city of Detroit. Unfortunately, the inhabitants of the area have no intention of abandoning their homes simply for desires of the company. To this end, OCP have decided to force them to leave by employing a ruthless mercenary army to attack and harass them. An underground resistance begins and in this fight, Robocop must decide where his loyalties lie.
Title: Forgetting Sarah Marshall | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: When Sarah Marshall dumps aspiring musician Peter Bretter for rock star Aldous Snow, Peter's world comes crashing down. His best friend suggests that Peter should get away from everything and to fly off to Hawaii to escape all his problems. After arriving in Hawaii and meeting the beautiful Rachel Jansen, Peter is shocked to see not only Aldous Snow in Hawaii, but also Sarah Marshall.
Title: Wolf Warrior 2 | Genres: war, action, drama | Overview: China's deadliest special forces operative settles into a quiet life on the sea. When sadistic mercenaries begin targeting nearby civilians, he must leave his newfound peace behind and return to his duties as a soldier and protector.
Title: Game Over, Man! | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Three friends are on the verge of getting their video game financed when their benefactor is taken hostage by terrorists.
Title: Day of the Dead | Genres: horror | Overview: When a small Colorado town is overrun by the flesh hungry dead, a small group of survivors try to escape in a last ditch effort to stay alive.
Title: Children of Men | Genres: drama, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: In 2027, in a chaotic world in which humans can no longer procreate, a former activist agrees to help transport a miraculously pregnant woman to a sanctuary at sea, where her child's birth may help scientists save the future of humankind.
Title: Gerald's Game | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: When her husband's sex game goes wrong, Jessie (who is handcuffed to a bed in a remote lake house) faces warped visions, dark secrets and a dire choice.
Title: The Lincoln Lawyer | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A lawyer conducts business from the back of his Lincoln town car while representing a high-profile client in Beverly Hills.
Title: The Untouchables | Genres: crime, drama, history, thriller | Overview: Young Treasury Agent Elliot Ness arrives in Chicago and is determined to take down Al Capone, but it's not going to be easy because Capone has the police in his pocket. Ness meets Jimmy Malone, a veteran patrolman and probably the most honorable one on the force. He asks Malone to help him get Capone, but Malone warns him that if he goes after Capone, he is going to war.
Title: The Girl Next Door | Genres: thriller, crime, drama, horror | Overview: In a quiet suburban town in the summer of 1958, two recently orphaned sisters are placed in the care of their mentally unstable Aunt Ruth. But Ruth's depraved sense of discipline will soon lead to unspeakable acts of abuse and torture that involve her young sons, the neighborhood children, and one 12-year-old boy whose life will be changed forever.
Title: The Tin Drum | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: Oskar is born in Germany in 1924 with an advanced intellect. Repulsed by the hypocrisy of adults and the irresponsibility of society, he refuses to grow older after his third birthday.
"Title: Arpeggio of Blue Steel -Ars Nova Cadenza- | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: The group of privateers known as the Blue Steel continues their mission to deliver blueprints of the Vibration Warhead Torpedo, a weapon that may turn the tides of war in their favor, to the United States. However, a new threat arises from their enemy, the overwhelming Fleet of Fog in the form of ""The Student Council"", a group of warships composed of the remaining Mental Models, the ships' humanoid avatars, who have yet to face the unpredictable captain of the Blue Steel, Gunzou Chihaya. As the Blue Steel gets closer to understanding the origins of the authority controlling the enemy, Iona's past reveals the beginning of the war and her reason for siding with humanity."
Title: Starship Troopers: Traitor of Mars | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: Federation trooper Johnny Rico is ordered to work with a group of new recruits on a satellite station on Mars, where giant bugs have decided to target their next attack.
Title: How High | Genres: comedy | Overview: Multi-platinum rap superstars Redman and Method Man star as Jamal and Silas, two regular guys who smoke something magical, ace their college entrance exams and wind up at Harvard. Ivy League ways are strange but Silas and Jamal take it in a stride -- until their supply of supernatural smoke runs dry. That's when they have to start living by their wits and rely on their natural resources to make the grade.
Title: The Nutty Professor | Genres: fantasy, comedy, romance, science fiction | Overview: Eddie Murphy stars as shy Dr. Sherman Klump, a kind, brilliant, 'calorifically challenged' genetic professor. When beautiful Carla Purty joins the university faculty, Sherman grows desperate to whittle his 400-pound frame down to size and win her heart. So, with one swig of his experimental fat-reducing serum, Sherman becomes 'Buddy Love', a fast-talking, pumped-up , plumped down Don Juan.
Title: The Dry | Genres: crime, thriller, mystery | Overview: Aaron Falk returns to his drought-stricken hometown to attend a tragic funeral. But his return opens a decades-old wound - the unsolved death of a teenage girl.
Title: The King's Speech | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The King's Speech tells the story of the man who became King George VI, the father of Queen Elizabeth II. After his brother abdicates, George ('Bertie') reluctantly assumes the throne. Plagued by a dreaded stutter and considered unfit to be king, Bertie engages the help of an unorthodox speech therapist named Lionel Logue. Through a set of unexpected techniques, and as a result of an unlikely friendship, Bertie is able to find his voice and boldly lead the country into war.
Title: Ewoks: The Battle for Endor | Genres: adventure, family, tv movie | Overview: The army of the Marauders, led by King Terak and the witch Charal, attack the Ewoks village, killing Cindel's family. Cindel and the Ewok Wicket escape and meet Teek in the forest, a naughty and very fast animal. Teek takes them to a house in which an old man, Noa, lives. Like Cindel, he also crashed with his Starcruiser on Endor. Together they fight Terak and Charal.
Title: El Paseo 5: El Paseo de Oficina | Genres: comedy | Overview: A group of employees from the Central Worker's Bank become heroes when they prevent a robbery. Their reward: a trip to Melgar, all expenses paid. This trip will reveal joys, griefs and other feelings that perhaps only appear after a few shots. The employees will learn that all offices in the world resemble each other, they're not quite families, but they're close. They are a group of people fighting alongside each other to survive, with all the good and bad this implies: tolerance, forgiveness and oblivion, friendship, and above all, being part of something. That, that's also called happiness.
Title: Zoolander 2 | Genres: comedy | Overview: Derek and Hansel are modelling again when an opposing company attempts to take them out from the business.
Title: Sierra Burgess Is a Loser | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A case of mistaken identity results in unexpected romance when the most popular girl in high school and the biggest loser must come together to win over their crushes.
Title: Hollow Man | Genres: action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Cocky researcher, Sebastian Caine is working on a project to make living creatures invisible and he's so confident he's found the right formula that he tests it on himself and soon begins to vanish. The only problem is – no-one can determine how to make him visible again. Caine's predicament eventually drives him mad, with terrifying results.
Title: The Four of Us | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: After their partner swap experiment takes a turn, four friends arrive at a remote beach hut to face the fallout and purge themselves of deeper truths.
Title: Inuyasha the Movie 2: The Castle Beyond the Looking Glass | Genres: action, animation, adventure, fantasy | Overview: With their most formidable foe vanquished, Inuyasha and his comrades begin returning to their everyday lives. But their peace is fleeting as another adversary emerges: Kaguya, the self-proclaimed princess from the Moon of Legend, hatches a plot to plunge the world into an eternal night of the full moon. Inuyasha, Kagome, Miroku, Sango and Shippou must reunite to confront the new menace.
Title: Willow | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: The evil Queen Bavmorda hunts the newborn princess Elora Danan, a child prophesied to bring about her downfall. When the royal infant is found by Willow, a timid farmer and aspiring sorcerer, he's entrusted with delivering her from evil.
Title: The Colony | Genres: science fiction | Overview: In the not-too-distant future: after a global catastrophe has wiped out nearly all of humanity on Earth, an elite astronaut from Space Colony Kepler must make a decision that will seal the fate of the people on both planets.
Title: The Book of Henry | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: Susan, a single mother of two, works as a waitress in a small town. Her son, Henry, is an 11-year-old genius who not only manages the family finances but acts as emotional support for his mother and younger brother. When Henry discovers that the girl next door has a terrible secret, he implores Susan to take matters into her own hands.
Title: As Good as It Gets | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: New York City. Melvin Udall, a cranky, bigoted, obsessive-compulsive writer, finds his life turned upside down when neighboring gay artist Simon is hospitalized and his dog is entrusted to Melvin. In addition, Carol, the only waitress who will tolerate him, must leave work to care for her sick son, making it impossible for Melvin to eat breakfast.
Title: Serendipity | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: Although strangers Sara and Jonathan are both already in relationships, they realize they have genuine chemistry after a chance encounter – but part company soon after. Years later, they each yearn to reunite, despite being destined for the altar. But to give true love a chance, they have to find one another again.
Title: Only Yesterday | Genres: animation, drama, romance | Overview: It’s 1982, and Taeko is 27 years old, unmarried, and has lived her whole life in Tokyo. She decides to visit her family in the countryside, where she begins to reconnect to forgotten longings. In lyrical switches between the present and the past, Taeko contemplates the arc of her life, and wonders if she has been true to the dreams of her childhood self.
Title: A Cop Movie | Genres: documentary, action, crime | Overview: This documentary walks the line between fact and fiction, delving into corruption in the Mexican police through the experiences of two officers.
Title: The Emperor of Paris | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: Paris, France, early 19th century. The legendary convict François Vidocq lives in disguise trying to escape from a tragic past that torments him. When, after an unfortunate event, he crosses paths with the police chief, he makes a bold decision that will turn the ruthless mastermind of the Parisian underworld against him.
Title: Moneyball | Genres: drama | Overview: The story of Oakland Athletics general manager Billy Beane's successful attempt to put together a baseball team on a budget, by employing computer-generated analysis to draft his players.
Title: Run All Night | Genres: action, drama, thriller, crime | Overview: Brooklyn mobster and prolific hit man Jimmy Conlon has seen better days. Longtime best friend of a mob boss, Jimmy is haunted by the sins of his past—as well as a dogged police detective who’s been one step behind Jimmy for 30 years. But when Jimmy’s estranged son becomes a target, Jimmy must make a choice between the crime family he chose and the real family he abandoned long ago. Now, with nowhere safe to turn, Jimmy has just one night to figure out exactly where his loyalties lie and to see if he can finally make things right.
Title: X | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: In 1979, a group of young filmmakers set out to make an adult film in a secluded farmhouse in rural Texas. Their reclusive, elderly hosts take a special interest in their young guests and, as night falls in, the couple’s leering interest takes a violent turn.
Title: Money Monster | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: Financial TV host Lee Gates and his producer Patty are put in an extreme situation when an irate investor takes over their studio.
Title: Crystal Lake Memories: The Complete History of Friday the 13th | Genres: documentary | Overview: Taking inspiration from Peter M. Bracke's definitive book of the same name, this seven-hour documentary dives into the making of all twelve Friday the 13th films, with all-new interviews from the cast and the crew.
Title: Stop | Genres: music, comedy | Overview: Misfortune leads the musical group Doble Pletina to be sentenced to perform community services in a mysterious park in Barcelona. Director Stanley Sunday unfolds his singular, fantastic and freely absurd universe in this witty musical comedy starring the band Doble Pletina. Stop includes four original songs by the group, produced by Hidrogenesse.
Title: Max 2: White House Hero | Genres: family | Overview: Max is assigned to the White House while Butch, the secret service dog, is on maternity leave. He meets TJ, a 12 year old boy, who is the President's son. Due to his father's high profile, he is trying hard to fit in and lead a normal life. During a state visit by the Russian President and his daughter, Alexandra (Alex), TJ is asked to accompany her, during their stay. TJ befriends Alex, but when they get into trouble, Max comes to the rescue!
Title: Never Say Never Again | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: James Bond returns as the secret agent 007 to battle the evil organization SPECTRE. Bond must defeat Largo, who has stolen two atomic warheads for nuclear blackmail. But Bond has an ally in Largo's girlfriend, the willowy Domino, who falls for Bond and seeks revenge.
Title: Sixteen Candles | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A teenage girl deals with her parents forgetting her birthday and a crush on her high school's heartthrob.
"Title: Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa .5 | Genres: comedy | Overview: Bad Grandpa .5 gives you a whole new perspective on the world of Irving Zisman with bonus scenes and pranks also featuring Spike Jonze as ""Gloria"" and Catherine Keener as Irving's wife ""Ellie"", plus a look at the evolution of Johnny Knoxville's naughty alter-ego, the makeup effects, and a behind-the-scenes peek at the idiocy it takes to make a hidden camera movie in public."
"Title: Time of EVE: The Movie | Genres: animation, science fiction, drama | Overview: In the not-too-distant future, androids have come into common usage. However, treating androids on the same level as humans is frowned upon, and there is constant paranoia surrounding the possibility of robots defying humans, their masters. Those who appear too trustworthy of their androids are chided and labeled as ""android-holics"". Rikuo Sakisaka, who has taken robots for granted for his entire life, one day discovers that Sammy, his home android, has been acting independently and coming and going on her own. He finds a strange phrase recorded in her activity log, ""Are you enjoying the time of EVE?"". He, along with his friend Masakazu Masaki, traces Sammy's movements and finds an unusual café. Nagi, the barista, informs them that the café's main rule is to not discriminate between humans and androids. While Rikuo tries to reveal Sammy's intentions, he begins to question the legitimacy of the fear that drives humans to regard androids as nothing more than mere tools."
Title: Monster High: Why Do Ghouls Fall in Love? | Genres: fantasy, animation | Overview: Draculaura’s Sweet 1600th birthday is an extra special occasion to party at Monster High! But her high expectations lead to deadly results when she’s faced with the choice between practical boyfriend Clawd, and new vampire heartthrob, Valentine, a romantic blast from her past. Her ghoulfriends find it odd that Valentine created a holiday in her honor, but oddly named it after himself (how romantic?) and have to stop him before he steals her heart… literally. Draculaura must decide which boy is right for her before the party! Will she find out about Valentine’s sinister plan? Will her best ghoulfriends be able to help her in time? And most importantly… will Draculaura pass her driving test?
Title: Porky's | Genres: comedy | Overview: Set in 1954, a group of Florida high schoolers seek out to lose their virginity which leads them to seek revenge on a sleazy nightclub owner and his redneck sheriff brother for harassing them.
Title: The Exception | Genres: war, drama | Overview: A German soldier tries to determine if the Dutch resistance has planted a spy to infiltrate the home of Kaiser Wilhelm in Holland during the onset of World War II, but falls for a young Jewish Dutch woman during his investigation.
Title: Bad Genius | Genres: comedy, drama, crime, thriller | Overview: Lynn, a brilliant student, after helping her friends to get the grades they need, develops the idea of starting a much bigger exam-cheating business.
Title: Balto | Genres: family, animation, adventure | Overview: An outcast half-wolf risks his life to prevent a deadly epidemic from ravaging Nome, Alaska.
Title: DragonHeart | Genres: fantasy, action, adventure | Overview: In an ancient time when majestic fire-breathers soared through the skies, a knight named Bowen comes face to face and heart to heart with the last dragon on Earth, Draco. Taking up arms to suppress a tyrant king, Bowen soon realizes his task will be harder than he'd imagined: If he kills the king, Draco will die as well.
Title: Arlo the Alligator Boy | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Upon learning that he is from New York City, a wide-eyed boy, who is half human and half alligator, decides to leave his sheltered life in the swamp and search for his long lost father. A musical adventure.
Title: Kickboxer: Vengeance | Genres: action, drama | Overview: Eric and Kurt Sloane are the descendants of a well-known Venice, California-based family of martial artists. Kurt has always been in older brother, Eric's shadow, as he lacks the instincts needed to become a champion. Against Kurt's concerns, Eric accepts a paid offer and travels to Thailand to challenge the Muay Thai champion Tong Po and fails with dire consequences. Kurt sets out for revenge. He trains with his brother's mentor, Master Durand, for a Muay Thai fight against the merciless champion, Tong Po. Durand first thinks Kurt is impossible to train, but through a series of spiritual exercises and tests, Durand discovers that Kurt has a deeper strength that will carry him through his final showdown with Tong Po.
Title: Angels of Sex | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Struggling martial artist and dancer Bruno loves his girlfriend Carla, but when he meets fellow dancer Rai, serious sparks begin to fly, opening the couple up to new possibilities. A new generation navigates sexual fluidity, torn affections, and open relationships in this complicated love triangle.
Title: Dear John | Genres: drama, romance, war | Overview: While Sergeant John Tyree is home on two weeks leave from Germany, he meets Savannah after he dives into the ocean to retrieve Savannah's purse that had fallen off a pier. John eventually falls in love with Savannah, who promises to write to him until he returns from overseas.
Title: Van Wilder: Freshman Year | Genres: comedy | Overview: It is freshman year at Coolidge College and Van Wilder is ready to party. To his dismay, all the girls have taken a vow of chastity and the dean rules the school. Van embarks on a crusade to land the campus hottie, Kaitlin, and liberate his school from sexual oppression and party dysfunction.
Title: Inferno | Genres: action, drama, romance | Overview: Eddie Lomax (Jean-Claude Van Damme) is a drifter who has been in a suicidal funk since the death of his close friend Johnny (Danny Trejo). Riding his motorcycle into a small desert town where Johnny once lived, Lomax is confronted by a gang of toughs, who beat him and steal his bike. However, Lomax is not a man to take an injustice lying down, and soon he begins exacting a violent revenge on the men who stole his motorcycle, with local handyman Jubal Early (Pat Morita) lending a hand and several area ladies offering aid and comfort.
Title: Escape from New York | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: In the future, crime is out of control and New York City's Manhattan is a maximum security prison. Grabbing a bargaining chip right out of the air, convicts bring down the President's plane in bad old Gotham. Gruff Snake Plissken, a one-eyed lone warrior new to prison life, is coerced into bringing the President, and his cargo, out of this land of undesirables.
Title: Taxi | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: In Marseilles (France), skilled pizza delivery boy Daniel who drives a scooter finally has his dreams come true. He gets a taxi license. Caught by the police for a huge speed infraction, he will help Emilien, a loser inspector who can't drive, on the track of German bank robbers, so he doesn't lose his license and his dream job.
Title: Monster High: Great Scarrier Reef | Genres: family, animation | Overview: Join your favourite ghoulfriends in an all-new aquatic adventure! When the ghouls get pulled into the school pool, they're transported to the gore-geous underwater world of the Great Scarrier Reef. Lagoon realizes she's come home and, in a fintastic mission of the heart, decides to come to terms with her own freaky flaws. Of course she'll need help from the most creeperific firends ever as she confronts a frenemy from her past, competes in a scaretastic dance extravaganze, and fights a terrible beast from the deep!
Title: Say 'I Love You' | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Mei Tachibana is a high school student. Due to a traumatic incident when she was a kid, Mei has been unable to make friends or have boyfriends. By mistake, Mei then injures the most popular male student named Yamato Kurosawa. Somehow, Yamato Kurosawa likes Mei Tachibana and tells everyone unilaterally that Mei is his friend. One day, Yamato Kurosawa saves Mei Tachibana from a stalker by kissing her. From that kiss, their love story begins.
Title: The Monkey King 2 | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Taking place 500 years after the Havoc in Heaven, the Tang Priest is appointed by Buddha to go to the West to fetch the sacred scriptures, only to accidentally free the Monkey King. With Lady White (Gong Li) aiming to break up the team assembled to defeat her, the Monkey King must fight in order to save his world!
Title: When Harry Met Sally... | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: During their travel from Chicago to New York, Harry and Sally debate whether or not sex ruins a friendship between a man and a woman. Eleven years later, and they're still no closer to finding the answer.
Title: My Mother the State | Genres: documentary | Overview: Una was the first person who used the change in Latvian Law to find her sister, lost in the process of adoption. Breaking through bureaucratic jungle she suddenly discovers that she has not only one but four sisters, all adopted and scattered around the world. The search for them becomes her mission that takes her to Europe, Russia and the US. She translates her call in 32 languages and posts it across the world. The almost impossible task is helped by media, friends, courage and persistence.
Title: Star Trek: The Motion Picture | Genres: science fiction, adventure, mystery | Overview: When a destructive space entity is spotted approaching Earth, Admiral Kirk resumes command of the Starship Enterprise in order to intercept, examine, and hopefully stop it.
Title: The Last Legion | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, war | Overview: As the Roman empire crumbles, young Romulus Augustus flees the city and embarks on a perilous voyage to Britain to track down a legion of supporters.
Title: Ma mère | Genres: drama | Overview: Based on George Bataille's posthumous and controversial novel: When his father dies, a young man is introduced by his attractive, amoral mother to a world of hedonism and depravity.
Title: Sliver | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A woman moves into an apartment in Manhattan and learns that the previous tenant's life ended mysteriously after they fell from the balcony.
Title: The Happytime Murders | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: In a world where human beings and puppets live together, when the members of the cast of a children's television show aired during the 1990s begin to get murdered one by one, puppet Phil Philips, a former LAPD detective who fell in disgrace and turned into a private eye, takes on the case at the request of his old boss in order to assist detective Edwards, who was his partner in the past.
Title: Mr. Nice Guy | Genres: crime, action, comedy | Overview: A Chinese chef accidentally gets involved with a news reporter who filmed a drug bust that went awry and is now being chased by gangs who are trying to get the video tape.
Title: John Q | Genres: drama, thriller, crime | Overview: John Quincy Archibald is a father and husband whose son is diagnosed with an enlarged heart and then finds out he cannot receive a transplant because HMO insurance will not cover it. Therefore, he decides to take a hospital full of patients hostage until the hospital puts his son's name on the donor's list.
Title: Power/Rangers | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, thriller | Overview: The Machine Empire defeats the Power Rangers in battle, destroying the Megazord. It is revealed that Earth's governments then negotiate a truce with the Machine Empire and the Power Rangers are disbanded. Years later, Rocky, the second Red Ranger has defected to the Machine Empire, is critical of Zordon's use of Power Rangers as child soldiers, and now sports a prosthetic leg. He interrogates a restrained Kimberly, the former Pink Ranger, about the location of Tommy Oliver, the former Green Ranger. He details the fates of the other Rangers in flashback.
Title: Mushi-Shi: The Next Chapter - Drops of Bells | Genres: fantasy, adventure, mystery, animation | Overview: On a warm summer day, a boy heard the sound of bells ringing, as if in celebration, in the mountain near his home. Several years later in that same mountain, the mushishi Ginko stumbles upon a young girl in a mountain with branches and leaves growing out of her body. He later realises that she is the lord of that mountain but finds it strange that a human like her was chosen as the lord. He meets her older brother who has continued to search for her ever since she disappeared while accompanying him on a stormy day. The story is about Ginko’s peculiar journey amidst the occult to unravel the mystery behind the enigmatic girl called Kaya and the mountain that has become her home.
Title: Mickey's Magical Christmas: Snowed in at the House of Mouse | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: When a huge snowstorm leaves everyone stranded, Mickey and all of his guests at the House of Mouse, including Pooh, Belle, Snow White, Cinderella, Ariel and many more of his old and new friends, break out the cookies and hot chocolate to help Donald mend his tattered Christmas spirit.
Title: SlugTerra: Return of the Elementals | Genres: family, animation, adventure | Overview: A new member has joined Eli and the Shane Gang! Junjie, once the protector of the Eastern Caverns, is a master of the slugslinging art of Slug Fu! But even with the power of five slingers, the Shane Gang find themselves in over their heads as they race across The 99 Caverns in search of the Legendary Elemental Slugs. The five Elementals are ancient slugs of great power, and the forbearers of all slugs found in SlugTerra today. In the wrong hands, they could bring Slugterra to the brink of destruction. So when an evil alliance starts hunting down the Elementals, Eli and his friends — old and new — take off in pursuit of the greatest threat their world has ever faced!
Title: The Last Summer | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Standing on the precipice of adulthood, a group of friends navigate new relationships, while reexamining others, during their final summer before college.
Title: When a Stranger Calls | Genres: horror | Overview: Far away from the site of a gruesome murder, a teenager named Jill Johnson arrives at a luxurious home for a baby-sitting job. With the children fast asleep, she settles in for what she expects to be an ordinary evening. Soon, the ringing of a phone and the frightening words of a sadistic caller turn Jill's routine experience into a night of terror.
Title: Becoming A Black Woman | Genres: documentary | Overview: A documentary about black women denouncing racism in Switzerland.
Title: Waiting... | Genres: comedy | Overview: Employees at a Bennigan's-like restaurant (called, creatively enough, Shenanigan's), kill time before their real lives get started. But while they wait, they'll have to deal with picky customers who want their steak cooked to order and enthusiastic managers who want to build the perfect wait staff. Luckily, these employees have effective revenge tactics.
Title: Passenger 57 | Genres: action, adventure, thriller | Overview: An infamous terrorist has evaded capture for a long time by being extremely clever and ruthless. Things get interesting when he hijacks a plane carrying famous security expert John Cutter, who isn't about to stand this sort of thing.
Title: Things Heard & Seen | Genres: horror | Overview: Catherine Clare reluctantly trades life in 1980 Manhattan for a remote home in the tiny hamlet of Chosen, New York, after her husband George lands a job teaching art history at a small Hudson Valley college. Even as she does her best to transform the old dairy farm into a place where young daughter Franny will be happy, Catherine increasingly finds herself isolated and alone. She soon comes to sense a sinister darkness lurking both in the walls of the ramshackle property—and in her marriage to George.
Title: Fullmetal Alchemist the Movie: The Sacred Star of Milos | Genres: adventure, fantasy, animation, action, science fiction | Overview: After a mysterious prisoner with only a few weeks left on his sentence breaks out of prison in Central City, the Elric brothers attempt to track him down. The search leads them to Table City in the southwestern country of Creta, where Alphonse rescues a young alchemist named Julia from the very man they are trying to capture. In the thick of the fight, they literally tumble into Julia's home turf, the slums of Milos Valley, and are embroiled in the grassroots rebellion of her people.
Title: The Love Witch | Genres: fantasy, romance, horror | Overview: A modern-day witch uses spells and magic to get men to fall in love with her, with deadly consequences.
Title: The Dressmaker | Genres: drama, comedy, western | Overview: In 1950s Australia, beautiful, talented dressmaker Tilly returns to her tiny hometown to right wrongs from her past. As she tries to reconcile with her mother, she starts to fall in love while transforming the fashion of the town.
"Title: Skyfire | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: Tianhuo Island is a beautiful paradise. It almost makes people forget that it is located in the ""Ring of Fire"", the world-famous Pacific Rim volcanic belt. Young geologist Li Xiaomeng brings her team here to develop the first volcanic monitoring system, the Suzaku. Li Xiaomeng's father, Li Wentao, a volcanic expert who has retired for many years, rushes to the crater after learning about it, trying to persuade her to leave. At the same time, expedition expert Zheng Nan dives in the beautiful underwater cave, preparing to give his girlfriend Jiahui a romantic proposal. The volcano erupts, and the fate of these people are entangled. In order to see tomorrow, they must work together to find a way to survive."
Title: Fist of the North Star: Legend of Raoh - Chapter of Death in Love | Genres: animation, action | Overview: A film adaptation of the Holy Emperor story arc, which primarily depicted the conflict between Kenshiro and Souther. New characters Reina, one of Raoh's army officers who falls in love with him, and her brother Soga, Raoh's advisor, play an important part with much of the plot involving Raoh's relationship with Reina as he conquers the land; most of this portion is new content exclusive to this film. The other side of the story is the retelling of Ken's attempt to save and protect the villagers from Souther's army with the help of Shū. There is also a small subplot of Bart returning to his home.
Title: Death Warrant | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: The Canadian policeman Louis Burke is assigned in a jail to investigate the murders of prisoners and jailors. When in jail, Louis, using his outstandings martial arts skills, is able to save his life and make himself respected in that violent world. At least, helped by two another prisoners, he succeded in finding the truth about the dreadful crimes. In a violent and corrupt prison, decorated cop Louis Burke must infiltrate the jail to find answers to a number of inside murders. What he finds is a struggle of life and death tied in to his own past.
Title: Term Life | Genres: thriller | Overview: If Nick Barrow can stay alive for 21 days, he'll die happy. Everyone Nick knows wants him dead; Mob bosses, contract killers, and dirty cops. Performing the last act of a desperate man, Nick takes out a million dollar insurance policy on himself, payable to his estranged daughter. The problem? The policy doesn't take effect for 21 days. Nick knows they'll be lucky to be alive for twenty-one hours.
Title: Hostage | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: When a mafia accountant is taken hostage on his beat, a police officer – wracked by guilt from a prior stint as a negotiator – must negotiate the standoff, even as his own family is held captive by the mob.
"Title: Black Mask | Genres: action | Overview: Tsui Chik tries to lead a quiet life as a librarian. However, he is really a former test subject for a highly secretive supersoldier project and the instructor of a special commando unit dubbed ""701."" The 701 squad is used for many government missions, but after one of the agents kills a team of policemen in an uncontrollable rage, the government decides to abort the project and eliminate all the subjects. Tsui Chik helped the surviving 701 agents flee the extermination attempt. Having escaped, Tsui Chik went separate ways from his team. Later, he discovers that the rest of the team were responsible for a violent crime spree that was beyond the capability of the local police. He sets out to stop them, donning a disguise and using the superhero alias of ""Black Mask"". Having lost the ability to feel pain due to the surgery performed on the super-soldiers by the military, Black Mask is almost invulnerable."
Title: Gandhi | Genres: drama, history | Overview: In the early years of the 20th century, Mohandas K. Gandhi, a British-trained lawyer, forsakes all worldly possessions to take up the cause of Indian independence. Faced with armed resistance from the British government, Gandhi adopts a policy of 'passive resistance', endeavouring to win freedom for his people without resorting to bloodshed.
Title: We Are Like Waves | Genres: documentary | Overview: An intimate look into how surfing changes Sanu’s life, documenting the struggles and breakthroughs of becoming one of the first female Sri Lankan surfers.
Title: Rim of the World | Genres: science fiction, adventure, action, comedy | Overview: Stranded at a summer camp when aliens attack the planet, four teens with nothing in common embark on a perilous mission to save the world.
Title: Puss in Book: Trapped in an Epic Tale | Genres: family, fantasy, animation, comedy, adventure | Overview: After tumbling into a magic storybook, Puss in Boots must fight, dance and romance his way through wild adventures as he searches for an escape.
Title: The Love Bug | Genres: comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: Down-on-his-luck race car driver Jim Douglas teams up with a little VW Bug that has a mind of its own, not realizing Herbie's worth until a sneaky rival plots to steal him.
Title: Notting Hill | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: William Thacker is a London bookstore owner whose humdrum existence is thrown into romantic turmoil when famous American actress Anna Scott appears in his shop. A chance encounter over spilled orange juice leads to a kiss that blossoms into a full-blown affair. As the average bloke and glamorous movie star draw closer and closer together, they struggle to reconcile their radically different lifestyles in the name of love.
Title: Dragon Nest: Warriors' Dawn | Genres: fantasy, animation | Overview: For years, the land of Altera has observed an uneasy peace between the humans, the elves, and the beasts who are loyal to the legendary Black Dragon. But when the dragon wakes from its hibernation, mobilizing a force of beasts to make war, a small band of humans and elves unite in a search for the secret road to the dragon’s lair.
Title: Déjà Vu | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Called in to recover evidence in the aftermath of a horrific explosion on a New Orleans ferry, Federal agent Doug Carlin gets pulled away from the scene and taken to a top-secret government lab that uses a time-shifting surveillance device to help prevent crime.
Title: Jaws 3-D | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: This third film in the series follows a group of marine biologists attempting to capture a young great white shark that has wandered into Florida's Sea World Park. However, later it is discovered that the shark's 35-foot mother is also a guest at Sea World. What follows is the shark wreaking havoc on the visitors in the park.
"Title: Doraemon: Nobita's Dorabian Nights | Genres: animation, adventure, fantasy | Overview: With Doraemon's ""Storybook Shoes"" gadget, he and Nobita go to different stories to watch them. Nobita asks Doraemon to allow him to share this gadget with Shizuka and Doraemon agrees."
Title: The Kingdom | Genres: thriller, action, drama | Overview: A team of U.S. government agents is sent to investigate the bombing of an American facility in the Middle East.
Title: The Poughkeepsie Tapes | Genres: horror, mystery, crime, thriller | Overview: When hundreds of videotapes showing torture, murder and dismemberment are found in an abandoned house, they reveal a serial killer's decade-long reign of terror and become the most disturbing collection of evidence homicide detectives have ever seen.
Title: Nice Sister-In-Law 3 | Genres: romance | Overview: Jung-tae has become a successful businessman. One day, he calls for a substitute driver, but the driver was Min-goo, the man who married his crush, Yoo-ri. Jung-tae still hadn't forgotten Yoo-ri and learns that life if tough for this couple. Jung-tae suggests something to Min-goo and that is to let him live with Yoo-ri for a year in return for 300 million won and his house.
Title: Anne of Green Gables | Genres: family, drama | Overview: At the turn of the century on Prince Edward Island, Matthew Cuthbert and his sister Marilla decide to take on an orphan boy as help for their farm. But they get an unexpected jolt when they're mistakenly sent a girl instead: Anne Shirley. Anne's a dreamer with an unusual point of view, far removed from Marilla's pragmatic ways, and it's only on trial that Marilla agrees to keep Anne.
Title: Twin Dragons | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: Twins, separated at birth, end up as a Hong Kong gangster and a New York concert pianist. When the pianist travels to Hong Kong for a concert, the two inevitably get mistaken for each other.
Title: Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay | Genres: comedy, adventure | Overview: Having satisfied their urge for White Castle, Harold and Kumar jump on a plane to catch up with Harold's love interest, who's headed for the Netherlands. But the pair must change their plans when Kumar is accused of being a terrorist. Rob Corddry also stars in this wild comedy sequel that follows the hapless stoners' misadventures as they try to avoid being captured by the Department of Homeland Security.
"Title: Julia X | Genres: horror | Overview: Meeting a man on the Internet, Julia decides to see him in person, only to get abducted and branded with the letter ""x"" by that guy. A game of cat and mouse follows, but the story has an unexpected twist."
Title: JFK | Genres: drama, thriller, history | Overview: Follows the investigation into the assassination of President John F. Kennedy led by New Orleans district attorney Jim Garrison.
Title: 10x10 | Genres: thriller | Overview: Lewis is an outwardly ordinary guy, but in reality he is hiding an obsession – revenge – against Cathy. Lewis kidnaps Cathy in broad daylight and takes her to his home, where he locks her in a soundproof cell and attempts to extract a dark secret from her past.
Title: A Bridge Too Far | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: Operation Market Garden, September 1944. The Allies attempt to capture several strategically important bridges in the Netherlands in the hope of breaking the German lines.
Title: Bandidas | Genres: action, comedy, western, crime | Overview: Set in the late 19th century. When a ruthless robber baron takes away everything they cherish, a rough-and-tumble, idealistic peasant and a sophisticated heiress embark on a quest for justice, vengeance…and a few good heists.
Title: Like a Boss | Genres: comedy | Overview: Two female friends with very different ideals decide to start a beauty company together. One is more practical, while the other wants to earn her fortune and live a lavish lifestyle.
Title: Close Encounters of the Third Kind | Genres: science fiction, drama | Overview: After an encounter with UFOs, a line worker feels undeniably drawn to an isolated area in the wilderness where something spectacular is about to happen.
Title: Red Rocket | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Finding himself down and out in Los Angeles, ex porn star Mikey Saber decides to crawl back to his hometown of Texas City, Texas, where his estranged wife and mother-in-law are living. Just as this dysfunctional family seems to be making things work, Mikey meets a young woman named Strawberry working the cash register at a local doughnut shop.
Title: Bridget Jones's Baby | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: After breaking up with Mark Darcy, Bridget Jones's 'happily ever after' hasn't quite gone according to plan. Fortysomething and single again, she decides to focus on her job as top news producer and surround herself with old friends and new. For once, Bridget has everything completely under control. What could possibly go wrong? Then her love life takes a turn and Bridget meets a dashing American named Jack, the suitor who is everything Mr. Darcy is not. In an unlikely twist she finds herself pregnant, but with one hitch she can only be fifty percent sure of the identity of her baby's father.
Title: Ghost Team One | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: Two roommates deathly afraid of ghosts both fall in love with a girl who believes their home is haunted.
Title: Barbie in Princess Power | Genres: animation | Overview: Barbie is Kara - a modern-day princess with a normal life. Kissed by a butterfly which gives her superpowers and allows her to become a Super Sparkle, she is ready to save the kingdom from evil - were it not for her jealous cousin who is also kissed by the butterfly and becomes her rival and nemesis. Watch as Super Sparkle and Dark Sparkle learn that together they can become a great team for good once they learn the power of friendship.
Title: Colette | Genres: drama, history | Overview: After marrying a successful Parisian writer known commonly as Willy, Sidonie-Gabrielle Colette is transplanted from her childhood home in rural France to the intellectual and artistic splendor of Paris. Soon after, Willy convinces Colette to ghostwrite for him. She pens a semi-autobiographical novel about a witty and brazen country girl named Claudine, sparking a bestseller and a cultural sensation. After its success, Colette and Willy become the talk of Paris and their adventures inspire additional Claudine novels.
Title: Bleach | Genres: action, fantasy, adventure | Overview: High school student Ichigo Kurosaki lives an ordinary life, besides being able to see ghosts and the blurry memories of his mother's death under strange circumstances when he was a kid. His peaceful world suddenly breaks as he meets Rukia Kuchiki, a God of Death.
Title: Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk | Genres: drama, war | Overview: 19-year-old Billy Lynn is brought home for a victory tour after a harrowing Iraq battle. Through flashbacks the film shows what really happened to his squad - contrasting the realities of war with America's perceptions.
Title: Le Chef | Genres: comedy | Overview: A veteran chef faces off against his restaurant group's new CEO, who wants to the establishment to lose a star from its rating in order to bring in a younger chef who specializes in molecular gastronomy.
Title: Wheels on Meals | Genres: romance, action, comedy, crime | Overview: Cousins Thomas and David, owners of a mobile restaurant, team up with their friend Moby, a bumbling private detective, to save the beautiful Sylvia, a pickpocket.
Title: Dr. Dolittle 2 | Genres: comedy, family, romance, fantasy | Overview: A group of beavers ask Dr. Dolittle to save their habitat from loggers. The only hope is to get the forest preserved because it's the home of a protected bear, but there's a problem: the bear's the only bear in the forest, so she can't reproduce. Undaunted, Dolittle persuades a circus bear to help out, but he has to teach him not just the ways of the wild, but the wiles of lady bears too.
Title: Centurion | Genres: adventure, action, drama | Overview: Britain, A.D. 117. Quintus Dias, the sole survivor of a Pictish raid on a Roman frontier fort, marches north with General Virilus' legendary Ninth Legion, under orders to wipe the Picts from the face of the Earth and destroy their leader, Gorlacon.
Title: Harakiri | Genres: action, drama, history | Overview: Down-on-his-luck veteran Tsugumo Hanshirō enters the courtyard of the prosperous House of Iyi. Unemployed, and with no family, he hopes to find a place to commit seppuku—and a worthy second to deliver the coup de grâce in his suicide ritual. The senior counselor for the Iyi clan questions the ronin’s resolve and integrity, suspecting Hanshirō of seeking charity rather than an honorable end. What follows is a pair of interlocking stories which lay bare the difference between honor and respect, and promises to examine the legendary foundations of the Samurai code.
Title: Stowaway | Genres: science fiction, drama, thriller | Overview: A three-person crew on a mission to Mars faces an impossible choice when an unplanned passenger jeopardizes the lives of everyone on board.
Title: Supergirl | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action, science fiction | Overview: After losing a powerful orb, Kara, Superman's cousin, comes to Earth to retrieve it and instead finds herself up against a wicked witch.
Title: Another Gantz | Genres: action, science fiction, mystery | Overview: Before finding out the Perfect Answer, discover Another Gantz. Aired on Nippon Television network before the theatrical release of Gantz: The Perfect Answer, this film is an alternate perspective version of the first Gantz film from the same writing-directing team of the two-part theatrical film. In addition to condensed scenes from the Gantz film, Another Gantz features a new subplot that follows an investigative journalist not included in the theatrical film. Delving deep into the mystery, Another Gantz offers another piece towards solving the complex puzzle that is the world of Gantz.
Title: Pokémon: Destiny Deoxys | Genres: family, adventure, animation, fantasy | Overview: A comet bearing a deadly Pokemon creature crash-lands onto Earth, terrorising a nearby high-tech city, where Ash, Pikachu and friends are currently visiting...
Title: Detective Dee and the Mystery of the Phantom Flame | Genres: action, adventure, drama, mystery | Overview: An exiled detective is recruited to solve a series of mysterious deaths that threaten to delay the inauguration of Empress Wu.A bizarre murder mystery brings together the most powerful woman in China, the soon-to-be-Empress Wu Zetian and a formerly exiled detective, Dee Renjie at the infamous Imperial Palace. Hoping he will solve the crime before her coronation, Wu appoints Dee Chief Judge of the Empire and implores him to combine his indisputable wisdom with his unparalleled martial arts skills to save the future of her dynasty. Director Tsui Hark (Seven Swords) teams with stunt director Sammo Hung in this heart-pounding, epic thriller inspired by the incredible true story of one of the Tang Dynasty's most celebrated officials.
"Title: Bad Sister | Genres: thriller, tv movie | Overview: As a top student at St. Adeline's Catholic Boarding School, Zoe senses that something is not quite right about the school's new nun-- a sense proven to be true when it is revealed the ""good' nun is an imposter with a fatal attraction to Zoe's brother."
Title: Nurse 3-D | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Abby Russell, a beautiful, dedicated nurse with a sinister side, has a secret life in which she targets and punishes dishonest men.
Title: Star Trek: Nemesis | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure, thriller | Overview: En route to the honeymoon of William Riker to Deanna Troi on her home planet of Betazed, Captain Jean-Luc Picard and the crew of the U.S.S. Enterprise receives word from Starfleet that a coup has resulted in the installation of a new Romulan political leader, Shinzon, who claims to seek peace with the human-backed United Federation of Planets. Once in enemy territory, the captain and his crew make a startling discovery: Shinzon is human, a slave from the Romulan sister planet of Remus, and has a secret, shocking relationship to Picard himself.
Title: The Drug King | Genres: crime, action, drama | Overview: Busan, South Korea, 1970s. Lee Doo-sam is a small-time smuggler. After helping a drug gang to smuggle meth, he falls into the dark crime world. Quick-witted and full of ambition, he eventually takes over the drug underworld and starts to lead a double life: a good community leader during the day but an infamous drug lord during the night.
Title: Closer | Genres: drama | Overview: Two couples disintegrate when they begin destructive adulterous affairs with each other.
Title: Super Mario Bros. | Genres: adventure, comedy, family, science fiction | Overview: Mario and Luigi, plumbers from Brooklyn, find themselves in an alternate universe where evolved dinosaurs live in hi-tech squalor. They're the only hope to save our universe from invasion by the dino dictator, Koopa.
Title: Death Wish II | Genres: action | Overview: Paul Kersey is again a vigilante trying to find five punks who murdered his housekeeper and daughter in Los Angeles.
Title: Premonition | Genres: thriller, drama, mystery | Overview: A depressed housewife who learns her husband was killed in a car accident the day previously, awakens the next morning to find him alive and well at home, and then awakens the day after to a world in which he is still dead.
Title: Serial (Bad) Weddings | Genres: comedy | Overview: A catholic French couple sees their life upside down when their four daughters get married to men of different religion and origins.
Title: I Spy | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, thriller | Overview: When the Switchblade, the most sophisticated prototype stealth fighter created yet, is stolen from the U.S. government, one of the United States' top spies, Alex Scott, is called to action. What he doesn't expect is to get teamed up with a cocky civilian, World Class Boxing Champion Kelly Robinson, on a dangerous top secret espionage mission. Their assignment: using equal parts skill and humor, catch Arnold Gundars, one of the world's most successful arms dealers.
Title: Inside Man: Most Wanted | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: An NYPD hostage negotiator teams up with a federal agent to rescue dozens of tourists held hostage during a 10-hour seige at the U.S. Federal Reserve.
Title: The Knight Before Christmas | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A medieval English knight is magically transported to present day where he ends up falling for a high school science teacher.
Title: The Tree of Life | Genres: drama, fantasy | Overview: The impressionistic story of a Texas family in the 1950s. The film follows the life journey of the eldest son, Jack, through the innocence of childhood to his disillusioned adult years as he tries to reconcile a complicated relationship with his father. Jack finds himself a lost soul in the modern world, seeking answers to the origins and meaning of life while questioning the existence of faith.
"Title: One Piece ""3D2Y"": Overcome Ace's Death! Luffy's Vow to his Friends | Genres: action, animation, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: The special takes place during the two year before the Straw Hats reunite on Sabody. Luffy is currently in Rusukaina training to get stronger to take on the New World. However the training is interrupted when Hancock's sisters, Marigold and Sandersonia, are kidnapped by the Byrnndi World, a pirate who was locked away on Level 6 of Impel Down but escaped during Luffy's invasion to save Ace, in order to lure Hancock to him and use her as a hostage against the World Government due to her Shichibukai status. Thus Luffy and Hancock head off to confront him and save Hancock's sisters."
Title: Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen | Genres: comedy | Overview: When the teenager Mary Elizabeth Steppe, a.k.a. Lola, moves with her mother and two younger twin sisters from New York to the suburb of Dellwood, New Jersey, she has the feeling that her cultural and entertaining world ended. While in school, the displaced Lola becomes close friend of the unpopular Ella, who is also a great fan of the her favorite rock band Sidarthur. However, the most popular girl in the school, Carla Santini, disputes the lead role in an adaptation of Pygmalion with Lola and also the leadership of their mates. When the last concert of Sidarthur is sold-out, Lola plans with Ella to travel to New York and buy the tickets from scalpers. However, the girls get into trouble while helping the lead singer and Lola's idol Stu Wolf, changing their lives forever.
Title: Get Smart | Genres: action, comedy, thriller | Overview: When the identities of secret agents from Control are compromised, the Chief promotes hapless but eager analyst Maxwell Smart and teams him with stylish, capable Agent 99, the only spy whose cover remains intact. Can they work together to thwart the evil plans of KAOS and its crafty operative?
Title: Operation Finale | Genres: drama, history, thriller | Overview: In 1960, a team of Israeli secret agents is deployed to find Adolf Eichmann, the infamous Nazi architect of the Holocaust, supposedly hidden in Argentina, and get him to Israel to be judged.
Title: Touch of Evil | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: When a car bomb explodes on the American side of the U.S./Mexico border, Mexican drug enforcement agent Miguel Vargas begins his investigation, along with American police captain Hank Quinlan. When Vargas begins to suspect that Quinlan and his shady partner, Menzies, are planting evidence to frame an innocent man, his investigations into their possible corruption quickly put himself and his new bride, Susie, in jeopardy.
Title: My Little Pony: Equestria Girls | Genres: animation, comedy, family, fantasy, music | Overview: Via a magic mirror, Twilight Sparkle travels into an alternate universe in order to recover a crown that was stolen from the Crystal Empire. Upon her arrival she is horrified to learn that she has turned into a human.
Title: Room | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Held captive for 7 years in an enclosed space, a woman and her young son finally gain their freedom, allowing the boy to experience the outside world for the first time.
Title: Duck Duck Goose | Genres: animation, family, adventure, comedy | Overview: After he’s grounded by an injury, a high-flying bachelor is saddled with two wide-eyed orphans as they come face-to-face with the dangers and beauty of the outside world.
Title: Hail, Caesar! | Genres: comedy, drama, mystery | Overview: When a Hollywood star mysteriously disappears in the middle of filming, the studio sends their fixer to get him back.
Title: Non-Stop | Genres: action, thriller, mystery | Overview: Bill Marks is a burned-out veteran of the Air Marshals service. He views the assignment not as a life-saving duty, but as a desk job in the sky. However, today's flight will be no routine trip. Shortly into the transatlantic journey from New York to London, he receives a series of mysterious text messages ordering him to have the government transfer $150 million into a secret account, or a passenger will die every 20 minutes.
"Title: Dragon Ball: Goku's Traffic Safety | Genres: animation | Overview: An educational film featuring characters from ""Dragon Ball"". Roshi and Krillin are on their way to Bulma's birthday party, and they see a boy run into the street, nearly getting run over. Launch, as a traffic officer, teaches him about traffic safety. Meanwhile, Goku, who is also on his way to Bulma's party, gets a traffic lesson of his own from Suno after running through traffic to see her."
Title: The World's Fastest Indian | Genres: drama | Overview: The life story of New Zealander Burt Munro, who spent years building a 1920 Indian motorcycle—a bike which helped him set the land-speed world record at Utah's Bonneville Salt Flats in 1967.
Title: American Ninja | Genres: action | Overview: Joe Armstrong, an orphaned drifter with little respect for much other than martial arts, finds himself on an American Army base in The Philippines after a judge gives him a choice of enlistment or prison. On one of his first missions driving a convoy, his platoon is attacked by a group of rebels who try to steal the weapons the platoon is transporting and kidnap the base colonel's daughter.
Title: The Forest of Love | Genres: drama, crime, horror, thriller | Overview: A con man and a would-be filmmaking crew force themselves into the lives of two grief-scarred young women. But nothing is as it seems.
Title: Blair Witch | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: Students on a camping trip discover something sinister is lurking beyond the trees.
Title: Metropolis | Genres: animation, science fiction | Overview: Kenichi and his detective uncle, Shunsaku Ban, leave Japan to visit Metropolis, in search of the criminal, Dr. Laughton. However, when they finally find Dr. Laughton, Kenichi and Shunsaku find themselves seperated and plunged into the middle of a larger conspiracy. While Shunsaku searches for his nephew and explanations, Kenichi tries to protect Tima (a mysterious young girl), from Duke Red and his adopted son Rock, both of whom have very different reasons for wanting to find her.
Title: The Land Before Time | Genres: family, animation, adventure | Overview: An orphaned brontosaurus named Littlefoot sets off in search of the legendary Great Valley. A land of lush vegetation where the dinosaurs can thrive and live in peace. Along the way he meets four other young dinosaurs, each one a different species, and they encounter several obstacles as they learn to work together in order to survive.
Title: The Eyes of Tammy Faye | Genres: history, drama, music | Overview: In the 1970s and ’80s, Tammy Faye and Jim Bakker rose from humble beginnings to create the world’s largest religious broadcasting network and a theme park, and were revered for their message of love, acceptance, and prosperity.
Title: Hooking Up | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Bailey and Darla embark upon a misguided and mutually deceitful form of therapy, one in which they must drive across the country re-enacting Darla's colorful history as a sex addict. As their true motivations for the road trip come to light, the unlikely pair force one another to confront their issues, discovering that there might actually be more to love than just sex.
Title: Seven Pounds | Genres: drama | Overview: An IRS agent with a fateful secret embarks on an extraordinary journey of redemption by forever changing the lives of seven strangers.
Title: G-Zombie | Genres: horror, fantasy, comedy | Overview: Sara is a research student who wants to make an immunity booster to save humanity. Her experiment however turns people into zombies and in comes Dhruva to save the day.
Title: Elite Squad: The Enemy Within | Genres: drama, action, crime | Overview: After a bloody invasion of the BOPE in the High-Security Penitentiary Bangu 1 in Rio de Janeiro to control a rebellion of interns, the Lieutenant-Colonel Roberto Nascimento and the second in command Captain André Matias are accused by the Human Right Aids member Diogo Fraga of execution of prisoners. Matias is transferred to the corrupted Military Police and Nascimento is exonerated from the BOPE by the Governor.
Title: Titan A.E. | Genres: animation, action, science fiction, family, adventure | Overview: A young man finds out that he holds the key to restoring hope and ensuring survival for the human race, while an alien species called the Drej are bent on mankind's destruction.
Title: The Nut Job | Genres: animation, comedy, family, adventure | Overview: Surly, a curmudgeon, independent squirrel is banished from his park and forced to survive in the city. Lucky for him, he stumbles on the one thing that may be able to save his life, and the rest of park community, as they gear up for winter - Maury's Nut Store.
Title: That Which Does Not Kill | Genres: documentary | Overview: Ada is 19. She agrees to have dinner at the home of a boy she knows. It all happens very quickly, she does not defend herself. It is in 2013, after a screening of her first film, that Alexe Poukine meets her: a woman of her age who shares with her something that happened nine years before and that she does not know what to do with.
Title: Stomp the Yard 2: Homecoming | Genres: drama, music | Overview: Chance Harris looks to find a balance between his school, work, relationships and opportunity to perform at the nationally televised step competition during homecoming weekend at Truth University.
Title: Halloween H20: 20 Years Later | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Two decades after surviving a massacre on October 31, 1978, former baby sitter Laurie Strode finds herself hunted by persistent knife-wielder Michael Myers. Laurie now lives in Northern California under an assumed name, where she works as the headmistress of a private school. But it's not far enough to escape Myers, who soon discovers her whereabouts. As Halloween descends upon Laurie's peaceful community, a feeling of dread weighs upon her -- with good reason.
Title: The Hot Spot | Genres: crime, romance | Overview: A loner moves in to a small Texas town, finds himself a job, and sets about plotting to rob the local bank.
Title: The Quick and the Dead | Genres: western, action, thriller | Overview: A mysterious woman comes to compete in a quick-draw elimination tournament, in a town taken over by a notorious gunman.
Title: The Spirit | Genres: action, comedy, thriller, crime, science fiction | Overview: Down these mean streets a man must come. A hero born, murdered, and born again. A Rookie cop named Denny Colt returns from the beyond as The Spirit, a hero whose mission is to fight against the bad forces from the shadows of Central City. The Octopus, who kills anyone unfortunate enough to see his face, has other plans; he is going to wipe out the entire city.
Title: Children of the Corn II: The Final Sacrifice | Genres: horror | Overview: Arriving in Gatlin, Nebraska, a news-reporter and his son get wind of a story about the youth in the town murdering their parents finds that a series of brutal murders are revealed to be worshipers of the corn-stalks and try to stop them before they carry out their plans.
Title: The Darkest Hour | Genres: horror, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: In Moscow, five young people lead the charge against an alien race which has attacked Earth via our power supply.
Title: Squared Love | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A celebrity journalist and renowned womanizer starts to rethink his life choices after he falls for a mysterious model who leads a double life.
Title: Dangerous Minds | Genres: drama | Overview: Former Marine Louanne Johnson lands a gig teaching in a pilot program for bright but underachieving teens at a notorious inner-city high school. After having a terrible first day, she decides she must throw decorum to the wind. When Johnson returns to the classroom, she does so armed with a no-nonsense attitude informed by her military training and a fearless determination to better the lives of her students -- no matter what the cost.
Title: Arthur 3: The War of the Two Worlds | Genres: animation, adventure, fantasy, family | Overview: Maltazard, the Evil M, is now 7 feet tall and evolving among the humans, causing terror wherever he goes. His goal is simple: forming an army of giant henchmen and ruling over the universe. Meanwhile, Arthur is still a Minimoy, and thus in a state where he's unable to fend him off. With the help of Selenia and Betameche, he hatches a plan to regain his usual size: all they must do is infiltrate Arthur's house through the pipeworks, catch an electric train from his bedroom to his grandfather's study and find an elixir that will make him grow back to his human size. Sounds simple enough, if it weren't for Darkos, Maltazard's own son, hot on their tails.
Title: Surf's Up 2: WaveMania | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: Cody, Chicken Joe and Lani are back in their most epic adventure yet! The most radical surfing dream team, The Hang Five (voiced by WWE Superstars John Cena, Undertaker, Triple H, Paige and Mr. McMahon) puts Cody and his friends to the test and teaches them the meaning of teamwork as they journey to the most legendary surfing spot on the planet.
Title: Scooby-Doo! Stage Fright | Genres: family, adventure, animation, comedy, mystery | Overview: Join Scooby-Doo, Shaggy and the Mystery Inc. crew as they head to Chicago for Talent Star, a hit talent show in which Fred and Daphne are finalists with some high hopes. Unlucky for them, the competition is frightful as the show is being broadcast from an opera house with a history of horrors and a particularly vengeful phantom that has cursed the show's production.
Title: Perdida | Genres: drama, mystery, crime | Overview: A policewoman whose childhood friend disappeared in Patagonia years ago starts a new search to find answers, and soon finds her own life in danger.
Title: Green Snake | Genres: animation, fantasy, action, adventure | Overview: While trying to free her sister from Fahai's clutches, Xiao Qing winds up in a dystopian city and meets a mysterious man who can't recall his past life.
Title: Palm Springs | Genres: comedy, romance, science fiction | Overview: When carefree Nyles and reluctant maid of honor Sarah have a chance encounter at a Palm Springs wedding, things get complicated when they find themselves unable to escape the venue, themselves, or each other.
Title: A United Kingdom | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The inspiring true story of Seretse Khama, the King of Bechuanaland (modern Botswana), and Ruth Williams, the London office worker he married in 1948 in the face of fierce opposition from their families and the British and South African governments. Seretse and Ruth defied family, Apartheid and empire - their love triumphed over every obstacle flung in their path and in so doing they transformed their nation and inspired the world.
Title: Inheritance | Genres: thriller | Overview: The patriarch of a wealthy and powerful family suddenly passes away, leaving his wife and daughter with a shocking secret inheritance that threatens to unravel and destroy their lives.
Title: Under Siege 2: Dark Territory | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A passenger train has been hijacked by an electronics expert and turned into an untraceable command center for a weapons satellite. He has planned to blow up Washington DC and only one man can stop him, former Navy SEAL Casey Ryback.
Title: Goal! | Genres: drama | Overview: Like millions of kids around the world, Santiago harbors the dream of being a professional footballer... However, living in the Barrios section of Los Angeles, he thinks it is only that--a dream. Until one day an extraordinary turn of events has him trying out for Premiership club Newcastle United.
Title: Agent Cody Banks | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Recruited by the U.S. government to be a special agent, nerdy teenager Cody Banks must get closer to cute classmate Natalie in order to learn about an evil plan hatched by her father. But despite the agent persona, Cody struggles with teen angst.
Title: All Star Superman | Genres: science fiction, animation, action, adventure | Overview: Lex Luthor enacts his plan to rid the world of Superman, once and for all. Succeeding with solar radiation poisoning, the Man of Steel is slowly dying. With what little times remains, the Last Son of Krypton must confront the revealing of his secret identity to Lois Lane and face Luthor in a final battle.
Title: American Animals | Genres: drama, crime, documentary | Overview: Lexington, Kentucky, 2004. Four young men attempt to execute one of the most audacious art heists in the history of the United States.
Title: Hang 'em High | Genres: western | Overview: Marshall Jed Cooper survives a hanging, vowing revenge on the lynch mob that left him dangling. To carry out his oath for vengeance, he returns to his former job as a lawman. Before long, he's caught up with the nine men on his hit list and starts dispensing his own brand of Wild West justice.
Title: My Little Pony: Equestria Girls - Legend of Everfree | Genres: adventure, animation, music, fantasy, comedy | Overview: When Canterlot Highschool goes on a trip to Camp Everfree, they’re surprised to find a magical force is causing strange things to happen around camp. With the help of the Mane 6 and especially Sunset Shimmer, Twilight Sparkle must confront the dark “Midnight Sparkle” within herself and embrace her newfound magical abilities to save the camp.
Title: George of the Jungle | Genres: adventure, comedy, family, romance | Overview: Deep in the African jungle, a baby named George, the sole survivor of a plane crash, is raised by gorillas. George grows up to be a buff and lovable klutz who has a rain forest full of animal friends: Tookie, his big-beaked toucan messenger; Ape, a witty talking gorilla; and Shep, a peanut-loving pooch of an elephant. But when poachers mess with George's pals, the King Of Swing swings into action.
Title: Outsiders | Genres: thriller, science fiction, mystery | Overview: When a young Black man’s girlfriend mysteriously disappears, he’s forced to go on the run, staying one step ahead of suspicious police to clear his name and to find out if otherworldly forces are to blame.
Title: Capernaum | Genres: drama | Overview: Zain, a 12-year-old boy scrambling to survive on the streets of Beirut, sues his parents for having brought him into such an unjust world, where being a refugee with no documents means that your rights can easily be denied.
Title: Shaun the Sheep Movie | Genres: family, animation, comedy, adventure | Overview: When Shaun decides to take the day off and have some fun, he gets a little more action than he bargained for. A mix up with the Farmer, a caravan and a very steep hill lead them all to the Big City and it's up to Shaun and the flock to return everyone safely to the green grass of home.
Title: Big Trouble in Little China | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: When trucker Jack Burton agreed to take his friend, Wang Chi, to pick up his fiancee at the airport, he never expected to get involved in a supernatural battle between good and evil. Wang's fiancee has emerald green eyes, which make her a perfect target for immortal sorcerer Lo Pan and his three invincible cronies. Lo Pan must marry a girl with green eyes so he can regain his physical form.
Title: 18 Year Old Virgin | Genres: comedy | Overview: In a series of sexual mishaps, a high school senior tries to lose her virginity on the last night before graduation.
Title: Doraemon: Nobita and the Spiral City | Genres: animation | Overview: After Suneo bragged about having a ranch, Nobita was asked whether or not he has one, pressuring him to say yes. Doraemon won a number of lotteries for useless planets in the belt between Mars and Jupiter. When Suneo and the rest came to see the ranch, Nobita happened to read the last of the lottery number to the go-anywhere-door, leading them to a huge dreamlike area. As Nobita's toy horse pranced around because of the wind-up life gadget, Suneo and the others became interested in doing the same to their toys and let them live in the area. So they decided to make their own clockwork city.
Title: Splash | Genres: comedy, fantasy, romance | Overview: A successful businessman falls in love with the girl of his dreams. There's one big complication though; he's fallen hook, line and sinker for a mermaid.
Title: The Scorpion King 2: Rise of a Warrior | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: The heroic tale of young Mathayus and his relentless quest for justice against an evil and powerful villain, King Sargon. Mathayus faces heart-stopping tribulations during his adventurous, odds-defying trajectory toward his ultimate destiny: becoming the formidable warrior king of an ancient desert empire.
Title: 21 & Over | Genres: comedy | Overview: Brilliant student Jeff Chang has the most important interview of his life tomorrow. But today is still his birthday, what starts off as a casual celebration with friends evolves into a night of debauchery that risks to derail his life plan.
Title: The Art of Getting By | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: George, a lonely and fatalistic teen who's made it all the way to his senior year without ever having done a real day of work, is befriended by Sally, a popular but complicated girl who recognizes in him a kindred spirit.
Title: Sleepless in Seattle | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Desperate to find his dad Sam a date, a young boy calls into a radio show and catches the attention of Annie, a journalist who wants to meet Sam atop the Empire State Building.
"Title: The Twelve Tasks of Asterix | Genres: family, animation, comedy, adventure | Overview: Asterix and Obelix depart on an adventure to complete twelve impossible tasks to prove to Caesar that they are as strong as the Gods. You'll roar with laughter as they outwit, outrun, and generally outrage the very people who are trying to prove them ""only human""."
Title: Aliens in the Attic | Genres: adventure, comedy, family, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: A group of kids must protect their vacation home from invading aliens.
Title: The Admiral: Roaring Currents | Genres: war, action, drama, history | Overview: The film mainly follows the famous 1597 Battle of Myeongryang during the Japanese invasion of Korea (1592-1598), where the iconic Joseon admiral Yi Sun-sin managed to destroy a total of 133 Japanese warships with only 13 ships remaining in his command. The battle, which took place in the Myeongryang Strait off the southwest coast of the Korean Peninsula, is considered one of the greatest victories of Yi.
Title: Universal Soldier: The Return | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: Luc Deveraux, the heroic former Universal Soldier, is about to be thrown into action once again. When Seth, the supercomputer controlled ultra-warrior, decides to take revenge and destroy its creators, only Luc can stop it. All hell breaks loose as Luc battles Seth and a deadly team of perfect soldiers in a struggle that pits man against machine and good against evil.
Title: Soldier | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: Sergeant Todd is a veteran soldier for an elite group of the armed forces. After being defeated by a new breed of genetically engineered soldiers, he is dumped on a waste planet and left for dead. He soon interacts with a group of crash survivors who lead out a peaceful existence. The peace is broken as the new soldiers land on the planet to eliminate the colony, which Sergeant Todd must defend.
Title: Kung Fu Panda Holiday | Genres: animation, family, tv movie, comedy, fantasy | Overview: The Winter Feast is Po's favorite holiday. Every year he and his father hang decorations, cook together, and serve noodle soup to the villagers. But this year Shifu informs Po that as Dragon Warrior, it is his duty to host the formal Winter Feast at the Jade Palace. Po is caught between his obligations as the Dragon Warrior and his family traditions: between Shifu and Mr. Ping.
Title: Irreplaceable You | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: A couple who have known each other since 8 are destined to be together until death do them apart.
Title: Final: The Rapture | Genres: thriller | Overview: A gritty, international tale of four separate stories woven together by a common theme: the Rapture.
Title: The Bye Bye Man | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: When three college students move into an old house off campus, they unwittingly unleash a supernatural entity known as The Bye Bye Man, who comes to prey upon them once they discover his name. The friends must try to save each other, all the while keeping The Bye Bye Man's existence a secret to save others from the same deadly fate.
Title: Little Italy | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Former childhood pals Leo and Nikki are attracted to each other as adults—but will their feuding parents' rival pizzerias put a chill on their sizzling romance?
Title: Shark Attack 3: Megalodon | Genres: horror | Overview: When two researchers discover a colossal shark's tooth off the Mexican coast their worst fears surface - the most menacing beast to ever rule the waters is still alive and mercilessly feeding on anything that crosses its path. Now they must hunt the fierce killer and destroy it... before there is no one left to stop it
Title: O Brother, Where Art Thou? | Genres: adventure, comedy, crime | Overview: In the deep south during the 1930s, three escaped convicts search for hidden treasure while a relentless lawman pursues them. On their journey they come across many comical characters and incredible situations. Based upon Homer's 'Odyssey'.
Title: Sea Fever | Genres: science fiction, horror, thriller | Overview: The crew of a West of Ireland trawler—marooned at sea—struggle for their lives against a growing parasite in their water supply.
Title: Anthropoid | Genres: history, thriller, war | Overview: In December 1941, Czech soldier Jozef Gabčík and Jan Kubiš parachute into their occupied homeland to assassinate Nazi officer Reinhard Heydrich.
Title: Valiant | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy, war | Overview: Set in 1944, Valiant is a woodland pigeon who wants to become a great hero someday. When he hears they are hiring recruits for the Royal Homing Pigeon Service, he immediately sets out for London. On the way, he meets a smelly but friendly pigeon named Bugsy, who joins him, mainly to get away from clients he cheated in a game of find-the pebble, and helps him sign up for the war.
Title: The Wave | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A school teacher discusses types of government with his class. His students find it too boring to repeatedly go over national socialism and believe that dictatorship cannot be established in modern Germany. He starts an experiment to show how easily the masses can become manipulated.
Title: LEGO DC Comics Super Heroes: Justice League vs. Bizarro League | Genres: action, adventure, animation, family, comedy | Overview: Superman’s clone, Bizarro, has become an embarrassing problem. Chaos and destruction follow Bizarro everywhere as he always hears the opposite of what is said, says the opposite of what he means and does the opposite of what is right. And when the citizens of Metropolis keep confusing Bizarro with Superman, the Man of Steel decides it’s time to find a new home for him…on another planet! It’s up to the Justice League to come to terms with their backward counterparts and team up with them to stop Darkseid and save the galaxy!
Title: The Woods | Genres: mystery, horror, thriller | Overview: Set in 1965 New England, a troubled girl encounters mysterious happenings in the woods surrounding an isolated girls school that she was sent to by her estranged parents.
"Title: The Master | Genres: drama | Overview: Freddie, a volatile, heavy-drinking veteran who suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder, finds some semblance of a family when he stumbles onto the ship of Lancaster Dodd, the charismatic leader of a new ""religion"" he forms after World War II."
Title: Doctor Zhivago | Genres: drama, romance, war | Overview: The life of a Russian physician and poet who, although married to another, falls in love with a political activist's wife and experiences hardship during World War I and then the October Revolution.
Title: The Walking Deceased | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: A group of survivors from all walks of the apocalypse – an idiotic Sheriff with definite coma-induced brain damage, his hardass son and a hobo with only a crossbow to stave off the walking dead, four squabbling friends forced to survive this zombieland together, and a lonely zombie who just needs love to fully regain his warm body – leave their once-safe mall hideout in search of the rumored Safe Haven Ranch, a refuge untouched by the zombie virus that has ravaged humanity.
Title: The Last Exorcism Part II | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: As Nell Sweetzer tries to build a new life after the events of the first movie, the evil force that once possessed her returns with an even more horrific plan.
Title: Twins | Genres: comedy | Overview: Julius and Vincent Benedict are the results of an experiment that would allow for the perfect child. Julius was planned and grows to athletic proportions. Vincent is an accident and is somewhat smaller in stature. Vincent is placed in an orphanage while Julius is taken to a south seas island and raised by philosophers. Vincent becomes the ultimate low life and is about to be killed by loan sharks.
Title: Shattered | Genres: thriller | Overview: Chris, a wealthy divorcee, lives in a high-tech house of his own design in Montana. His life changes when he meets Sky, a mysterious young woman who draws him out of his shell and moves in after Chris is injured.
"Title: Village of the Damned | Genres: thriller, horror, science fiction | Overview: An American village is visited by some unknown life form which leaves the women of the village pregnant. Nine months later, the babies are born, and they all look normal, but it doesn't take the ""parents"" long to realize that the kids are not human or humane."
Title: The Good Shepherd | Genres: drama, thriller, history | Overview: Edward Wilson, the only witness to his father's suicide and member of the Skull and Bones Society while a student at Yale, is a morally upright young man who values honor and discretion, qualities that help him to be recruited for a career in the newly founded OSS. His dedication to his work does not come without a price though, leading him to sacrifice his ideals and eventually his family.
Title: Scooby-Doo! Legend of the Phantosaur | Genres: family, mystery, animation, comedy | Overview: A relaxing spa getaway evolves into a prehistoric panic when Scooby-Doo and the gang uncover the horrible Phantosaur, an ancient legend come to life to protect hidden treasures buried in secret desert caves. But this scare-a-saurus doesn’t stand a chance with Shaggy around, after he finds his inner hero with the help of new-age hypnosis. Like, it makes him more brave and less hungry!
Title: Savage Dog | Genres: action | Overview: A story set in Indochina in 1959, a lawless land controlled by the criminal class: Vietnamese warlords and European war-criminals. Den-Dhin-Chan Labor Camp is run by four such dangerous men. The worst prison in the land, it is here that an Irish, former-champion boxer Martin Tillman has made a name for himself fighting tournaments, on which wealthy criminals gamble in high stakes events. When Tillman is due for release, he just wants to return home, but the corrupt forces running the jail will do everything in their power to keep him locked down. When all that Tillman holds dear is taken away in a vicious act of violence, he is forced to confront the men responsible and take his revenge. The birth of a legend.
Title: Boo! A Madea Halloween | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: Madea winds up in the middle of mayhem when she spends a hilarious, haunted Halloween fending off killers, paranormal poltergeists, ghosts, ghouls, and zombies while keeping a watchful eye on a group of misbehaving teens.
Title: Fast & Furious | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: When a crime brings them back to L.A., fugitive ex-con Dom Toretto reignites his feud with agent Brian O'Conner. But as they are forced to confront a shared enemy, Dom and Brian must give in to an uncertain new trust if they hope to outmaneuver him. And the two men will find the best way to get revenge: push the limits of what's possible behind the wheel.
Title: Godzilla: City on the Edge of Battle | Genres: animation, science fiction | Overview: Humanity's desperate battle to reclaim the Earth from Godzilla continues. The key to defeating the King of the Monsters may be Mechagodzilla, a robotic weapon thought to have been lost nearly 20,000 years ago.
Title: Summer of 84 | Genres: thriller, mystery, drama, horror | Overview: After suspecting that their police officer neighbor is a serial killer, a group of teenage friends spend their summer spying on him and gathering evidence, but as they get closer to discovering the truth, things get dangerous
Title: We Bought a Zoo | Genres: drama, comedy, family | Overview: Benjamin has lost his wife and, in a bid to start his life over, purchases a large house that has a zoo – welcome news for his daughter, but his son is not happy about it. The zoo is in need of renovation and Benjamin sets about the work with the head keeper and the rest of the staff, but, the zoo soon runs into financial trouble.
Title: Cool Runnings | Genres: comedy, history | Overview: When a Jamaican sprinter is disqualified from the Olympic Games, he enlists the help of a dishonored coach to start the first Jamaican Bobsled Team.
Title: Mimic | Genres: fantasy, horror, thriller, science fiction | Overview: A disease carried by common cockroaches is killing Manhattan children. In an effort to stop the epidemic an entomologist, Susan Tyler, creates a mutant breed of insect that secretes a fluid to kill the roaches. This mutant breed was engineered to die after one generation, but three years later Susan finds out that the species has survived and evolved into a large, gruesome monster that can mimic human form.
Title: Honey, I Blew Up the Kid | Genres: adventure, comedy, family, science fiction | Overview: Wayne Szalinski is at it again. But instead of shrinking things, he tries to make a machine that can make things grow. As in the first one, his machine isn't quite accurate. But when he brings Nick & his toddler son Adam to see his invention, the machine unexpectedly starts working. And when Adam comes right up to the machine, he gets zapped along with his stuffed bunny.
Title: Minuscule 2: Mandibles from Far Away | Genres: animation, adventure, family, comedy | Overview: When the first snow falls in the valley, it is urgent to prepare its reserves for the winter. Alas, during the operation, a small ladybug is trapped in a box - to the Caribbean. One solution: reform the shock team.
Title: Bound | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Corky, a tough female ex-convict working on an apartment renovation in a Chicago building, meets a couple living next door, Caesar, a paranoid mobster, and Violet, his seductive girlfriend, who is immediately attracted to her.
Title: First Strike | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Hong Kong cop Chan Ka-Kui returns, working with Interpol to track down and arrest an illegal weapons dealer. Chan later realizes that things are not as simple as they appear and soon finds himself to be a pawn of an organization posing as Russian intelligence.
Title: Coherence | Genres: thriller, science fiction | Overview: On the night of an astronomical anomaly, eight friends at a dinner party experience a troubling chain of reality bending events.
Title: Sailor Moon R: The Movie | Genres: animation, romance, action, fantasy | Overview: While enjoying the flower gardens, Sailor Moon (Usagi) and friends encounter an old childhood friend of Mamoru's: an alien! He's come back to give Mamoru a special flower, but doesn't like Usagi and the rest of the planet's inhabitants. Sailor Moon must defend the earth from the evil Kisenian Flower he's brought back... before the evil vines and blossoms overrun the planet!
Title: Seven Years in Tibet | Genres: adventure, drama, history | Overview: Austrian mountaineer, Heinrich Harrer journeys to the Himalayas without his family to head an expedition in 1939. But when World War II breaks out, the arrogant Harrer falls into Allied forces' hands as a prisoner of war. He escapes with a fellow detainee and makes his way to Llaso, Tibet, where he meets the 14-year-old Dalai Lama, whose friendship ultimately transforms his outlook on life.
Title: Churchill | Genres: drama, history | Overview: A ticking-clock thriller following Winston Churchill in the 24 hours before D-Day.
Title: Strip Down, Rise Up | Genres: documentary | Overview: The feature documentary follows women of all walks of life, all ages and ethnic backgrounds, as they shed trauma, body image shame, sexual abuse and other issues locked in their bodies, and embark on a journey to reclaim themselves. The film also gives a rare window into the world of Pole artistry and expression.
Title: How the Grinch Stole Christmas! | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: Bitter and hateful, the Grinch is irritated at the thought of a nearby village having a happy time celebrating Christmas. Disguised as Santa Claus, with his dog made to look like a reindeer, he decides to raid the village to steal all the Christmas things.
Title: Trust | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Set in the glamour of the New York and Paris art scenes, gallery owner Brooke Gatwick and her newscaster husband Owen Shore, face temptation, jealousy, twists and mystery when two seductive newcomers enter their lives.
Title: Cottage Country | Genres: action, comedy, crime, romance, thriller | Overview: When Todd takes his girlfriend Cammie up to the family cottage for a reclusive proposal, the last thing he expected to be doing was dealing with was his slacker brother and his hippie girlfriend. But in this comedy of errors, Todd and Cammie, have to deal with his accidentally murdered brother in order to live happily ever after.
Title: Marrowbone | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery, horror | Overview: A young man and his three younger siblings are plagued by a sinister presence in the sprawling manor in which they live.
Title: Once Upon a Time in China II | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Wong Fei-Hung faces the White Lotus Society, a fanatical cult seeking to drive the Europeans out of China through violence, even attacking Chinese who follow Western ways. Wong must also defend Dr. Sun Yat Sen, a revolutionary, from the military.
Title: Kung Fu Panda: Secrets of the Scroll | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: As Po looks for his lost action figures, the story of how the panda inadvertently helped create the Furious Five is told.
Title: American Traitor: The Trial of Axis Sally | Genres: history, drama | Overview: The life of American woman Mildred Gillars and her lawyer, who struggles to redeem her reputation. Dubbed “Axis Sally” for broadcasting Nazi propaganda to American troops during World War II, Mildred’s story exposes the dark underbelly of the Third Reich's hate-filled propaganda machine, her eventual capture in Berlin, and subsequent trial for treason against the United States after the war.
Title: The Jackal | Genres: action, thriller, adventure, crime | Overview: Hired by a powerful member of the Russian mafia to avenge an FBI sting that left his brother dead, a psychopathic hitman known only as The Jackal proves an elusive target for the people charged with the task of bringing him down: a deputy FBI director, a Russian MVK Major, and a jailed IRA terrorist who can recognize him.
Title: Point Break | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: In Los Angeles, a gang of bank robbers who call themselves The Ex-Presidents commit their crimes while wearing masks of Reagan, Carter, Nixon and Johnson. Believing that the members of the gang could be surfers, the F.B.I. sends young agent Johnny Utah to the beach undercover to mix with the surfers and gather information.
Title: Naked | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: An unemployed Brit vents his rage on unsuspecting strangers as he embarks on a nocturnal London odyssey.
Title: The Crucifixion | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: When a priest is jailed for the murder of a nun on whom he was performing an exorcism, an investigative journalist strives to determine whether he in fact murdered a mentally ill person, or if he lost the battle with a demonic presence.
Title: Just Wright | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A physical therapist falls for the basketball player she is helping recover from a career-threatening injury.
Title: Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze | Genres: science fiction, adventure, action, comedy, family | Overview: The Turtles and the Shredder battle once again, this time for the last cannister of the ooze that created the Turtles, which Shredder wants to create an army of new mutants.
Title: Out of Africa | Genres: history, romance, drama | Overview: Out of Africa tells the story of the life of Danish author Karen Blixen, who at the beginning of the 20th century moved to Africa to build a new life for herself. The film is based on the autobiographical novel by Karen Blixen from 1937.
Title: Tremors 4: The Legend Begins | Genres: action, comedy, horror, western | Overview: This prequel of the bone-chilling Tremors begins in the town of Rejection, Nev., in 1889, where 17 men die under mysterious circumstances. Spooked by recent events, the miners who populate the town leave in droves until there's nothing left but a shell of a community. It's up to the remaining residents to get to the bottom of the deaths -- but they must do so before they, too, are eradicated off the face of the planet.
Title: Clue | Genres: comedy, thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: Clue finds six colorful dinner guests gathered at the mansion of their host, Mr. Boddy -- who turns up dead after his secret is exposed: He was blackmailing all of them. With the killer among them, the guests and Boddy's chatty butler must suss out the culprit before the body count rises.
Title: Balto II: Wolf Quest | Genres: family, animation, adventure | Overview: Balto and his daughter Aleu embark on a journey of adventure and self discovery.
Title: The Green Hornet | Genres: action, crime, comedy | Overview: Britt Reid, the heir to the largest newspaper fortune in Los Angeles, is a spoiled playboy who has been, thus far, happy to lead an aimless life. After his father dies, Britt meets Kato, a resourceful company employee. Realizing that they have the talent and resources to make something of their lives, Britt and Kato join forces as costumed crime-fighters to bring down the city's most-powerful criminal, Chudnofsky.
Title: Ouija House | Genres: horror | Overview: A graduate student, who is trying to finish the last of her research on a book project that she hopes will help her down-on-her-luck mother, brings friends to a house with a dark past, where they soon unwittingly summon an evil entity who makes the house part of its game…
Title: Detective Conan: Dimensional Sniper | Genres: action, animation, drama, mystery | Overview: A vicious sniper has appeared in Tokyo, rendering the people too scared to go outside, once again it's up to Conan to figure out the meaning behind the killings and capture the mysterious sniper before more lives are lost.
"Title: Addams Family Reunion | Genres: family, comedy, fantasy, tv movie | Overview: The Addams Family goes on a search for their relatives. Gomez and Morticia are horrified to discover that Grandpa and Grandma Addams have a disease that is slowly turning them ""normal"". The only chance they have of a cure is to find a family member hoping that they know a home remedy."
Title: The Infiltrator | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A U.S Customs official uncovers a massive money laundering scheme involving Pablo Escobar.
Title: Tremors: Shrieker Island | Genres: action, horror | Overview: Graboids are illegally taken to a new island resort by a rich playboy as a dangerous form of trophy hunting, and Burt Gummer steps up to save the day.
Title: Stretch | Genres: action, comedy, thriller | Overview: A hard-luck limo driver struggling to go straight and pay off a debt to his bookie takes on a job with a crazed passenger whose sought-after ledger implicates some seriously dangerous criminals.
Title: Taxi 3 | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: A gang of thieves calling themselves the Santa Claus Gang are wreaking havoc, and the police can't keep up. Police Captain Gilbert is distracted by a Chinese reporter writing a story on his squad, and taxi driver Daniel is in the midst of a relationship crisis. After a string of mistakes in which the thieves outsmart the police time and time again, Daniel and his super-taxi pitch in.
Title: Take Me Home Tonight | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Recent MIT grad Matt Franklin should be well on his way to a successful career at a Fortune 500 company, but instead he rebels against maturity by taking a job at a video store. Matt rethinks his position when his unrequited high-school crush, Tori, walks in and invites him to an end-of-summer party. With the help of his twin sister and his best friend, Matt hatches a plan to change the course of his life.
Title: The Peanut Butter Falcon | Genres: adventure, drama, comedy | Overview: A down-on-his-luck crab fisherman embarks on a journey to get a young man with Down syndrome to a professional wrestling school in rural North Carolina and away from the retirement home where he’s lived for the past two and a half years.
Title: Mower Minions | Genres: comedy, animation | Overview: The Minions need to raise $20 to purchase an as seen on TV banana blender. So they take up lawn mowing at an old folks home, with hilarious antics!
Title: MILF | Genres: comedy | Overview: Three childhood friends - Elise, Sonia and Cecile - leave for a summer in the South of France to help clear Cecile’s holiday house before it is put up for sale. There, they soon become the prime targets of three horny young men, for whom these single forty-year-old women are much more attractive than girls their age.
Title: Extortion | Genres: action, adventure, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A doctor desperately tries to save his wife and their 5 year old son after their vacation in the Bahamas takes an unexpected turn.
Title: Free State of Jones | Genres: action, drama, history, war | Overview: In 1863, Mississippi farmer Newt Knight serves as a medic for the Confederate Army. Opposed to slavery, Knight would rather help the wounded than fight the Union. After his nephew dies in battle, Newt returns home to Jones County to safeguard his family but is soon branded an outlaw deserter. Forced to flee, he finds refuge with a group of runaway slaves hiding out in the swamps. Forging an alliance with the slaves and other farmers, Knight leads a rebellion that would forever change history.
Title: Ginger Snaps | Genres: horror | Overview: The story of two outcast sisters, Ginger and Brigitte, in the mindless suburban town of Bailey Downs. On the night of Ginger's first period, she is savagely attacked by a wild creature. Ginger's wounds miraculously heal but something is not quite right. Now Brigitte must save her sister and save herself.
Title: Rosemary's Baby | Genres: drama, horror | Overview: A young couple, Rosemary and Guy, moves into an infamous New York apartment building, known by frightening legends and mysterious events, with the purpose of starting a family.
Title: Gretel & Hansel | Genres: horror, fantasy, thriller | Overview: A long time ago in a distant fairy tale countryside, a young girl leads her little brother into a dark wood in desperate search of food and work, only to stumble upon a nexus of terrifying evil.
Title: Joe Dirt | Genres: mystery, adventure, comedy, romance, drama | Overview: Joe Dirt is a janitor with a mullet hairdo, acid-washed jeans and a dream to find the parents that he lost at the Grand Canyon when he was a belligerent, trailer park-raised eight-year-old. Now, blasting Van Halen in his jacked-up economy car, the irrepressibly optimistic Joe hits the road alone in search of his folks.
Title: The White Tiger | Genres: drama | Overview: An ambitious Indian driver uses his wit and cunning to escape from poverty and rise to the top. An epic journey based on the New York Times bestseller.
"Title: Graveyard Shift | Genres: horror | Overview: John Hall is a drifter who wanders into a small town in Maine. He needs a job and decides to seek employment at the community's top business: a large textile mill. He is hired to work the ""graveyard shift"" -- from around midnight to dawn -- and, along with a few others, he is charged with cleaning out the basement. This task strikes the workers as simple enough, but then, as they proceed deeper underground, they encounter an unspeakable monstrosity intent on devouring them all."
Title: Contact | Genres: drama, science fiction, mystery | Overview: A radio astronomer receives the first extraterrestrial radio signal ever picked up on Earth. As the world powers scramble to decipher the message and decide upon a course of action, she must make some difficult decisions between her beliefs, the truth, and reality.
Title: To Rome with Love | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: Four tales unfold in the Eternal City: While vacationing in Rome, architect John encounters a young man whose romantic woes remind him of a painful incident from his own youth; retired opera director Jerry discovers a mortician with an amazing voice, and he seizes the opportunity to rejuvenate his own flagging career; a young couple have separate romantic interludes; a spotlight shines on an ordinary man.
Title: I'm a Porn Star: Gay 4 Pay | Genres: documentary | Overview: Welcome to the curious, surprising and always outspoken world of straight men who go Gay4Pay. Curiously, there is a disproportionate percentage of men working in gay porn who identify as straight. Why would a straight man do gay porn? What motivates him to try this or make a career of it? Why is there such keen interest and debate into the sexuality and personal lives of these men? And what does it say about us, the viewer that so much of gay porn is dominated by images of straight men?
Title: North by Northwest | Genres: mystery, thriller | Overview: Advertising man Roger Thornhill is mistaken for a spy, triggering a deadly cross-country chase.
Title: Once Upon a Time: The Super Heroes | Genres: documentary, tv movie | Overview: The historical saga of American superheroes. Born in the period between the Great Depression and the World War II to combat the hobgoblins of the modern world, these mutant human beings with superhuman powers colonized the funny papers, radio dramas, television and films, to become a truly national industry in the United States: they gave expression to the fears and obsessions of the twentieth century and bolstered American ideals.
Title: The War of the Worlds | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: The residents of a small town are excited when a flaming meteor lands in the hills, until they discover it is the first of many transport devices from Mars bringing an army of invaders invincible to any man-made weapon, even the atomic bomb.
Title: Daybreakers | Genres: action, fantasy, horror, science fiction | Overview: In the year 2019, a plague has transformed almost every human into vampires. Faced with a dwindling blood supply, the fractured dominant race plots their survival; meanwhile, a researcher works with a covert band of vampires on a way to save humankind.
Title: Heartbreak Ridge | Genres: war, action, comedy, drama | Overview: A hard-nosed, hard-living Marine gunnery sergeant clashes with his superiors and his ex-wife as he takes command of a spoiled recon platoon with a bad attitude.
Title: Panic Room | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Trapped in their New York brownstone's panic room, a hidden chamber built as a sanctuary in the event of break-ins, newly divorced Meg Altman and her young daughter Sarah play a deadly game of cat-and-mouse with three intruders - Burnham, Raoul and Junior - during a brutal home invasion. But the room itself is the focal point because what the intruders really want is inside it.
Title: Maya the Bee Movie | Genres: family, animation | Overview: Freshly hatched bee Maya is a little whirlwind and won't follow the rules of the hive. One of these rules is not to trust the hornets that live beyond the meadow. When the Royal Jelly is stolen, the hornets are suspected and Maya is thought to be their accomplice. No one believes that she is the innocent victim and no one will stand by her except for her good-natured and best friend Willy. After a long and eventful journey to the hornets hive Maya and Willy soon discover the true culprit and the two friends finally bond with the other residents of the opulent meadow.
Title: Scooby-Doo! and the Curse of the 13th Ghost | Genres: comedy, family, animation, adventure, mystery | Overview: Mystery Inc. withdraws from solving crimes after botching a case. When Vincent Van Ghoul contacts the gang about an unfinished investigation from Daphne, Shaggy and Scooby's past, the gang springs into action to finish the job that involves catching the 13th Ghost that escaped from the Chest of Demons and is still at large.
Title: Manhattan | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Manhattan explores how the life of a middle-aged television writer dating a teenage girl is further complicated when he falls in love with his best friend's mistress.
Title: Jesus Christ Superstar | Genres: music, history, drama | Overview: Oscar-nominated film adaptation of the rock opera of the same name, based on the last weeks before the crucifixion of Jesus. The film was directed by Norman Jewison. Ted Neeley and Carl Anderson were nominated for two 1974 Golden Globe Award for their portrayals of Jesus and Judas, respectively.
Title: Borat: Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan | Genres: comedy | Overview: Kazakh journalist Borat Sagdiyev travels to America to make a documentary. As he zigzags across the nation, Borat meets real people in real situations with hysterical consequences. His backwards behavior generates strong reactions around him exposing prejudices and hypocrisies in American culture.
Title: The Paramedic | Genres: thriller | Overview: Unable to face his new reality in a wheelchair, Ángel develops a deadly obsession with the woman who left him and unleashes a sinister revenge plot.
Title: Flee | Genres: documentary, animation | Overview: Recounted mostly through animation to protect his identity, Amin looks back over his past as a child refugee from Afghanistan as he grapples with a secret he’s kept hidden for 20 years.
Title: King Kong Lives | Genres: fantasy, action, adventure | Overview: After falling from the Twin Towers, Kong lies in a coma for ten years. When his heart begins to fail, scientists engineer an artificial heart, and a giant female ape is captured to serve as a source for a blood transfusion. When Kong awakens following his heart transplant, he senses the nearby presence of the female ape and the two escape to wreak havoc together.
Title: Anacondas: Trail of Blood | Genres: action, horror, science fiction | Overview: A genetically created Anaconda, cut in half, regenerates itself into two aggressive giant snakes, due to the Blood Orchid.
Title: The Car: Road to Revenge | Genres: action, horror, thriller, science fiction | Overview: In a dilapidated cyberpunk city plagued by crime and corruption, an unscrupulous District Attorney is savagely murdered and tossed out of a building onto his brand new car. Mysteriously, the District Attorney and his car come back to life as a single being with a thirst for vengeance. The eerie driver-less car embarks on a vicious rampage exacting revenge on the criminals who murdered him. The Car: Road to Revenge is the stylized sequel to the unconventional horror cult classic The Car (1977), and features an homage to the original with the return of Ronny Cox as the Mechanic.
Title: Beautiful Boy | Genres: drama | Overview: After he and his first wife separate, journalist David Sheff struggles to help their teenage son, who goes from experimenting with drugs to becoming devastatingly addicted to methamphetamine.
Title: 2001 Maniacs | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: On their way to Spring Break, college kids take a detour through an old Southern town. The people of Pleasant Valley insist the kids stay for their annual barbecue celebration... but instead of getting a taste of the old South, the old South gets a taste of them!
Title: Paradise Hills | Genres: fantasy, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A young woman is sent to Paradise Hills to be reformed, only to learn that the high-class facility's beautiful facade hides a sinister secret.
Title: Awakening the Zodiac | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: The story follows a down-on-their-luck couple who discovers a serial killer's film reels. They decide to take the law into their own hands, risking everything for the chance at a $100,000 reward. It isn't long until they find themselves in the killer's lethal cross-hairs.
Title: Office Christmas Party | Genres: comedy | Overview: When Carol Vanstone, CEO of the technology company Zenotek, expresses her intention to close the Chicago branch, run by her brother Clay, he and his co-workers organize a Christmas party in an effort to impress a potential client and save their jobs. But the party gets out of control…
Title: Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: It's the lawless future, and renegade biker Harley Davidson and his surly cowboy buddy, Marlboro, learn that a corrupt bank is about to foreclose on their friend's bar to further an expanding empire. Harley and Marlboro decide to help by robbing the crooked bank. But when they accidentally filch a drug shipment, they find themselves on the run from criminal financiers and the mob in this rugged action adventure.
Title: Phantom Thread | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In 1950s London, renowned British dressmaker Reynolds Woodcock comes across Alma, a young, strong-willed woman, who soon becomes ever present in his life as his muse and lover.
Title: Minuscule: Valley of the Lost Ants | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: In a peaceful little clearing, the remains of a hastily abandoned picnic sparks a battle between two tribes of ants. A bold young ladybug finds himself caught in the middle. He befriends the leader of the black ants, Mandible, and helps him save the anthill from the assault of the terrible red ant warriors, led by the fearful Butor. A fantastic journey at ground level…
Title: Red Dog | Genres: drama, comedy, family | Overview: The legendary true story of the Red Dog who united a disparate local community while roaming the Australian outback in search of his long lost master.
Title: Rock Dog | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family, music | Overview: When a radio falls from the sky into the hands of a wide-eyed Tibetan Mastiff, he leaves home to fulfill his dream of becoming a musician, setting into motion a series of completely unexpected events.
Title: Antichrist | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: A grieving couple retreats to their cabin 'Eden' in the woods, hoping to repair their broken hearts and troubled marriage. But nature takes its course and things go from bad to worse.
Title: Land of the Lost | Genres: adventure, comedy, science fiction, family | Overview: On his latest expedition, Dr. Rick Marshall is sucked into a space-time vortex alongside his research assistant and a redneck survivalist. In this alternate universe, the trio make friends with a primate named Chaka, their only ally in a world full of dinosaurs and other fantastic creatures.
Title: Offering to the Storm | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: Inspector Amaia Salazar confronts the origins of her nightmares as she unfolds the darkest secrets of the Baztan valley. Part 3 in the Baztan Trilogy.
Title: Secrets of the Saqqara Tomb | Genres: documentary | Overview: This documentary follows a team of local archaeologists excavating never before explored passageways, shafts, and tombs, piecing together the secrets of Egypt’s most significant find in almost 50 years in Saqqara.
Title: Ni tuyo, Ni mía | Genres: drama | Overview: Amanda realizes that her perfect husband is having an affair. Instead of confronting him, she teams up with his husband's lover to understand what went wrong and win him back.
Title: The Beach House | Genres: drama, horror, mystery | Overview: A romantic getaway for two troubled college sweethearts turns into a struggle for survival when unexpected guests - and the surrounding environment - exhibit signs of a mysterious infection.
Title: The Vanishing | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: Three lighthouse keepers on an uninhabited island off the coast of Scotland discover something that isn't theirs to keep.
Title: Morgan | Genres: horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A corporate risk-management consultant must determine whether or not to terminate an artificial being's life that was made in a laboratory environment.
Title: La Femme Nikita | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A beautiful felon, sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a policeman, is given a second chance - as a secret political assassin controlled by the government.
Title: Settlers | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: Remmy and her parents, refugees from Earth, have found peace on the Martian outskirts until strangers appear in the hills beyond their farm. Told as a triptych, the film follows Remmy as she struggles to survive in an uneasy landscape.
Title: Fireheart | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: The film explores the world of firefighters in 1920s New York City and tells the story of a 16-year-old girl who will have to become a hero in order to save her city.
Title: Pokémon the Movie: Diancie and the Cocoon of Destruction | Genres: animation, family, adventure, action, comedy, drama | Overview: In the underground Diamond Domain, where many Carbink live, the Mythical Pokémon Diancie serves as ruler. The Heart Diamond that sustains the land is beginning to fall apart, and Diancie is not yet strong enough to create a new one. While seeking help from the Legendary Pokémon Xerneas, Diancie encounters a group of thieves who want to take control of its diamond-producing power–and who awaken the Legendary Pokémon Yveltal from its cocoon in the process! Can Ash and his friends help Diancie discover its true power, stop Yveltal’s rampage, and save the Diamond Domain?
Title: Flash Point | Genres: action | Overview: Detective Sergeant Ma Jun, known for dispensing his own brand of justice during arrests, teams up with an undercover cop, Wilson, to try and bring down three merciless Vietnamese brothers running a smuggling ring in the months before mainland China's takeover of Hong Kong. Jun pursues the gang tirelessly, sometimes ignoring police protocols. A showdown is inevitable!
Title: Elvis | Genres: drama, music | Overview: The life story of Elvis Presley as seen through the complicated relationship with his enigmatic manager, Colonel Tom Parker.
Title: Killer Klowns from Outer Space | Genres: comedy, horror, science fiction | Overview: Aliens disguised as clowns crash land on Earth in a rural town to capture unsuspecting victims in cotton candy cocoons for later consumption.
Title: Just Mercy | Genres: drama, crime, history | Overview: The powerful true story of Harvard-educated lawyer Bryan Stevenson, who goes to Alabama to defend the disenfranchised and wrongly condemned — including Walter McMillian, a man sentenced to death despite evidence proving his innocence. Bryan fights tirelessly for Walter with the system stacked against them.
Title: The Taking of Pelham 1 2 3 | Genres: thriller, crime, action | Overview: Armed men hijack a New York City subway train, holding the passengers hostage in return for a ransom, and turning an ordinary day's work for dispatcher Walter Garber into a face-off with the mastermind behind the crime.
"Title: Inspector Gadget | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: John Brown is a bumbling but well-intentioned security guard who is badly injured in an explosion planned by an evil mastermind. He is taken to a laboratory, where Brenda, a leading robotics surgeon, replaces his damaged limbs with state-of-the-art gadgets and tools. Named ""Inspector Gadget"" by the press, John -- along with his niece, Penny, and her trusty dog, Brain -- uses his new powers to discover who was behind the explosion."
Title: Sleepwalkers | Genres: fantasy, horror, thriller | Overview: Charles Brady and his mother, Mary, are the last of a dying breed whose needs are not of this world. They are Sleepwalkers - able to stay alive only by feeding on the life-force of the innocent, but destined to roam the earth, avoiding discovery while searching for their next victim. That search takes them to the sleepy little town of Travis, Indiana, where beautiful teenager Tanya Robertson is about to become an unwilling pawn in their nightmarish fight for survival.
Title: Austin Powers in Goldmember | Genres: comedy, crime, science fiction | Overview: The world's most shagadelic spy continues his fight against Dr. Evil. This time, the diabolical doctor and his clone, Mini-Me, team up with a new foe—'70s kingpin Goldmember. While pursuing the team of villains to stop them from world domination, Austin gets help from his dad and an old girlfriend.
Title: The Last Thing He Wanted | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: At the turning point of the Iran-Contra affair, Elena McMahon, a fearless investigative journalist covering the 1984 US presidential campaign, puts herself in danger when she abandons her assigned task in order to fulfill the last wish of her ailing father, a mysterious man whose past activities she barely knows.
Title: Deep | Genres: animation, family, adventure | Overview: In 2100, when humanity has abandoned the earth, a colony of extravagant creatures still thrives in the deepest abyss of the ocean.
Title: Carol | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: In 1950s New York, a department-store clerk who dreams of a better life falls for an older, married woman.
Title: Urusei Yatsura: Always My Darling | Genres: action, adventure, animation, comedy, romance | Overview: Lupika, an alien princess, is in love with a tofu seller. To make him love her too (at least, announce his love. He obviously fears the social taboo of a tofu vendor marrying a princess), she needs to get a love potion, which is in a certain temple. Legend has it that the only person that can obtain this love potion is the most lecherous man in the universe. That man turns out to be Ataru Moroboshi. Lupika kidnaps Ataru to make him get the potion, and Lum and her friends go out to search for Ataru.
"Title: Stalingrad | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: ""Stalingrad"" follows the progress of a German Platoon through the brutal fighting of the Battle of Stalingrad. After having half their number wiped out and after being placed under the command of a sadistic Captain, the Lieutenant of the platoon leads his men to desert. The men of the platoon attempt to escape from the city which is now surrounded by the Soviet Army."
Title: Inherit the Wind | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Schoolteacher Bertram Cates is arrested for teaching his students Darwin's theory of evolution. The case receives national attention and one of the newspaper reporters, E.K. Hornbeck, arranges to bring in renowned defense attorney and atheist Henry Drummond to defend Cates. The prosecutor, Matthew Brady is a former presidential candidate, famous evangelist, and old adversary of Drummond.
Title: Phone Booth | Genres: crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: A slick New York publicist who picks up a ringing receiver in a phone booth is told that if he hangs up, he'll be killed... and the little red light from a laser rifle sight is proof that the caller isn't kidding.
Title: Dragons: Rescue Riders: Huttsgalor Holiday | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Snowfall marks the start of Odinyule — the Viking holiday of giving! But crazy weather might cancel the tradition unless the Rescue Riders can swoop in.
Title: Ichi the Killer | Genres: action, crime, horror | Overview: As sadomasochistic yakuza enforcer Kakihara searches for his missing boss he comes across Ichi, a repressed and psychotic killer who may be able to inflict levels of pain that Kakihara has only dreamed of.
Title: Winx Club: The Secret of the Lost Kingdom | Genres: fantasy, animation, family | Overview: Sixteen years ago the most powerful warrior wizards of the Magic Dimension sacrificed themselves to fight against absolute evil. Now the fate of a kingdom is in the hands of a young girl - Bloom, the fairy of the Dragon's flame. Accompanied by her Winx Club girlfriends, Bloom must overcome the greatest challenge of all: enter the depths of the obscure dimension, fight against evil to bring her parents back to life and reveal the mystery linked to her origins. The destiny of the entire Magic Dimension depends on the outcome of this conflict.
Title: Road to Perdition | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Mike Sullivan works as a hit man for crime boss John Rooney. Sullivan views Rooney as a father figure, however after his son is witness to a killing, Mike Sullivan finds himself on the run in attempt to save the life of his son and at the same time looking for revenge on those who wronged him.
Title: Constantine: The House of Mystery | Genres: fantasy, animation, horror, action | Overview: John Constantine wakes up in the eerie House of Mystery with no recollection of how he got there. Fortunately, Zatanna and his friends are all there. Unfortunately, they have a bad habit of turning into demons and ripping him to shreds, over and over again!
Title: 2 Hearts | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: When illness strikes two people who are polar opposites, life and death bring them together in surprising ways.
Title: The Cell | Genres: horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A psychotherapist journeys inside a comatose serial killer in the hopes of saving his latest victim.
Title: Marvel's Behind the Mask | Genres: documentary | Overview: A documentary special that explores the power of identity behind the iconic superheroes we know and love today. These legendary Marvel creations and stories have not only reflected the world outside our window – they have become a reflection of our own identities and who we truly are.
Title: Asking For It | Genres: action, thriller, drama | Overview: After small town waitress Joey is sexually assaulted after a date with her old friend Mike, she befriends mysterious stranger Regina. Regina introducers her to The Cherry Bombers, an all femme gang including Beatrice, Lily, Sal, Jett, Angie, and Fala. All suffering from past traumas, together they fight a misogynistic society by targeting violent frat boys, a corrupt police force of human traffickers led by Sheriff Morel, and the dangerous alt-right group MFM (Men’s First Movement) headed by Mark Vanderhill. As Joey is drawn further into their chaotic world, Sal’s old flame, Logan County Sheriff Vernon, investigates MFM, leading to a thrilling showdown.
Title: The Three Caballeros | Genres: animation, family, music | Overview: For Donald's birthday he receives a box with three gifts inside. The gifts, a movie projector, a pop-up book, and a pinata, each take Donald on wild adventures through Mexico and South America.
Title: Tokyo Revengers | Genres: action, drama | Overview: An unemployed man learns that his ex-girlfriend was murdered. He suddenly finds himself travelling through time to his middle school years and has chance to change the future and save the girl. He aims to rise to the top of the most brutal delinquent gang.
Title: Escape from the Planet of the Apes | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: The world is shocked by the appearance of three talking chimpanzees, who arrived mysteriously in a spacecraft. Intrigued by their intelligence, humans use them for research - until the apes attempt to escape.
Title: The Bribe of Heaven | Genres: comedy | Overview: In a small Catholic village, the community stands against the local priest when the latter refuses to offer a funeral mass for a suicide victim. In reprisal, the priest denies the sacraments to the entire town, until the family of the deceased remove the body from the catholic graveyard.
Title: Ophelia | Genres: romance, history | Overview: Ophelia comes of age as lady-in-waiting for Queen Gertrude, and her singular spirit captures Hamlet's affections. As lust and betrayal threaten the kingdom, Ophelia finds herself trapped between true love and controlling her own destiny.
Title: Layer Cake | Genres: drama, thriller, crime | Overview: When a seemingly straight-forward drug deal goes awry, XXXX has to break his die-hard rules and turn up the heat, not only to outwit the old regime and come out on top, but to save his own skin...
Title: Home Again | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Life for a single mom in Los Angeles takes an unexpected turn when she allows three young guys to move in with her.
Title: Residente | Genres: music, documentary | Overview: After taking a DNA test, Latin America's most decorated artist – René Pérez (AKA Residente) – embarks on a global adventure to trace the footsteps of his ancestors and record his latest album.
Title: Crash | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: After getting into a serious car accident, a TV director discovers an underground sub-culture of scarred, omnisexual car-crash victims who use car accidents and the raw sexual energy they produce to try to rejuvenate his sex life with his wife.
Title: Thumbelina | Genres: animation, drama, family, fantasy | Overview: The tiny girl meets a fairy prince who saves her from the creatures of the woods.
Title: Dark Water | Genres: horror | Overview: Dahlia Williams and her daughter Cecelia move into a rundown apartment on New York's Roosevelt Island. She is currently in midst of divorce proceedings and the apartment, though near an excellent school for her daughter, is all she can afford. From the time she arrives, there are mysterious occurrences and there is a constant drip from the ceiling in her daughter's bedroom.
Title: Howl | Genres: horror | Overview: When passengers on a train are attacked by a creature, they must band together in order to survive until morning.
Title: Barb Wire | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: A sexy nightclub owner, Barb Wire moonlights as a mercenary in Steel Harbor, one of the last free zones in the now fascist United States. When scientist Cora Devonshire wanders into Barb's establishment, she gets roped into a top-secret government plot involving biological weapons. Soon Barb is reunited with her old flame Axel Hood, who is now Cora's husband and a guerrilla fighter, resulting in plenty of tense action.
Title: Hunt for the Wilderpeople | Genres: adventure, comedy, drama | Overview: Ricky is a defiant young city kid who finds himself on the run with his cantankerous foster uncle in the wild New Zealand bush. A national manhunt ensues, and the two are forced to put aside their differences and work together to survive.
Title: The Faculty | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: When some very creepy things start happening around school, the kids at Herrington High make a chilling discovery that confirms their worst suspicions: their teachers really are from another planet!
Title: Bingo | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Bingo, the runaway circus dog, is off the leash and saving Chuckie's life! Bingo and the boy become the best of friends in this canine comedy featuring doggy disguises and skateboarding, pinball and prison. Chuckie and his parents (Cindy Williams and David Rasche) are moving house, a thousand miles away, but Bingo won't be allowed to join them. Chuckie and Bingo's determination to be reunited is t
Title: Death Race 2050 | Genres: action, comedy, science fiction | Overview: The year 2050 the planet has become overpopulated, to help control population the government develops a race. The Death Race. Annually competitors race across the country scoring points for killing people with their vehicles.
Title: Made of Honor | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Tom and Hannah have been platonic friends for 10 years. He's a serial dater, while she wants marriage but hasn't found Mr. Right. Just as Tom is starting to think that he is relationship material after all, Hannah gets engaged. When she asks Tom to be her 'maid' of honor, he reluctantly agrees just so he can attempt to stop the wedding and woo her.
Title: Timeline | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: A group of archaeological students become trapped in the past when they go there to retrieve their professor. The group must survive in 14th century France long enough to be rescued.
Title: Sleeping with Other People | Genres: comedy | Overview: Can two serial cheaters get a second chance at love? After a one-night stand in college, New Yorkers Lainey and Jake meet by chance twelve years later and discover they each have the same problem: because of their monogamy-challenged ways, neither can maintain a relationship. Determined to stay friends despite their mutual attraction, they make a pact to keep it platonic, a deal that proves easier said than done.
Title: Sexy Comedy | Genres: comedy | Overview: The children leave for the school trip and dad and mom board a nice girl who turns out to be the lover of their best friend. Which is then the husband of their best friend ...
Title: Behind Enemy Lines | Genres: action, drama, thriller, war | Overview: While flying a routine reconnaissance mission over Bosnia, fighter pilot Chris Burnett photographs something he wasn't supposed to see and gets shot down behind enemy lines, where he must outrun an army led by a ruthless Serbian general. With time running out and a deadly tracker on his trail, Burnett's commanding officer decides to risk his career and launch a renegade rescue mission to save his life.
Title: Hugas | Genres: thriller, romance | Overview: Ex-gang members and newlyweds Al and Liezl run away with a big bag of cash, but their ex-boss will go to the ends of the earth to find them.
Title: The Woman in Red | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: When a happily married family man, who would never consider an affair, meets a beautiful woman in red, he is totally infatuated and desperate to make her acquaintance. However, as he tries out various schemes to sneak out to meet her, he realizes that adultery is not quite as easy as it looks.
"Title: Neppuu Kairiku Bushi Road | Genres: animation, action, science fiction, adventure | Overview: An asteroid collision brought with it a deadly menace known as ""Shinbo"" lead humanity to retreat to land reclaimed from the sea. The one ray of hope is a device that can fight the Shinbo called ""The Mechanical Divine General."""
Title: Cargo | Genres: drama, thriller, adventure, horror | Overview: After being infected in the wake of a violent pandemic and with only 48 hours to live, a father struggles to find a new home for his baby daughter.
Title: Acts of Violence | Genres: action | Overview: When his fiancee is kidnapped by human traffickers, Roman and his ex-military brothers set out to track her down and save her before it is too late. Along the way, Roman teams up with Avery, a cop investigating human trafficking and fighting the corrupt bureaucracy that has harmful intentions.
Title: Cobain: Montage of Heck | Genres: documentary, music | Overview: Hailed as one of the most innovative and intimate documentaries of all time, experience Kurt Cobain like never before in the only ever fully authorized portrait of the famed music icon. Academy Award nominated filmmaker Brett Morgen expertly blends Cobain's personal archive of art, music, never seen before movies, animation and revelatory interviews from his family and closest friends.
Title: French Exit | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: “My plan was to die before the money ran out,” says 60-year-old penniless Manhattan socialite Frances Price, but things didn’t go as planned. Her husband Franklin has been dead for 12 years and with his vast inheritance gone, she cashes in the last of her possessions and resolves to live out her twilight days anonymously in a borrowed apartment in Paris, accompanied by her directionless son Malcolm and a cat named Small Frank—who may or may not embody the spirit of Frances’s dead husband.
Title: Days of Thunder | Genres: adventure, action, romance, drama | Overview: Talented but unproven stock car driver Cole Trickle gets a break and with the guidance of veteran Harry Hogge turns heads on the track. The young hotshot develops a rivalry with a fellow racer that threatens his career when the two smash their cars. But with the help of his doctor, Cole just might overcome his injuries-- and his fear.
Title: James and the Giant Peach | Genres: adventure, animation, family, fantasy | Overview: When the young orphan boy James spills a magic bag of crocodile tongues, he finds himself in possession of a giant peach that flies him away to strange lands.
Title: Wag the Dog | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: During the final weeks of a presidential race, the President is accused of sexual misconduct. To distract the public until the election, the President's adviser hires a Hollywood producer to help him stage a fake war.
Title: Flight of the Navigator | Genres: family, science fiction, adventure | Overview: 12-year-old David is accidentally knocked out in the forest near his home, but when he awakens eight years have passed. His family is overjoyed to have him back, but is just as perplexed as he is that he hasn't aged. When a NASA scientist discovers a UFO nearby, David gets the chance to unravel the mystery and recover the life he lost.
Title: Snatched | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: When her boyfriend dumps Emily, a spontaneous woman in her 30s, she persuades her ultra-cautious mom to accompany her on a vacation to Ecuador. When these two very different women are trapped on this wild journey, their bond as mother and daughter is tested and strengthened while they attempt to navigate the jungle and escape.
Title: Just Short of Perfect | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: A divorced lawyer falls for a charismatic cardiologist. But when their difference in size leads to family friction, is she ready to listen to her heart?
Title: Wind Chill | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: Two college students share a ride home for the holidays. When they break down on a deserted stretch of road, they're preyed upon by the ghosts of people who have died there.
Title: Marie Antoinette | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The retelling of France's iconic but ill-fated queen, Marie Antoinette. From her betrothal and marriage to Louis XVI at 15 to her reign as queen at 19 and ultimately the fall of Versailles.
Title: Come Play | Genres: horror | Overview: A lonely young boy feels different from everyone else. Desperate for a friend, he seeks solace and refuge in his ever-present cell phone and tablet. When a mysterious creature uses the boy’s devices against him to break into our world, his parents must fight to save their son from the monster beyond the screen.
Title: The Parent Trap | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Two identical twin sisters, separated at birth by their parents' divorce, are reunited years later at a summer camp, where they scheme to bring their parents back together. The girls, one of whom has been living with their mother and the other with their father, switch places after camp and go to work on their plan, the first objective being to scare off a gold-digger pursuing their father.
Title: The Best of Me | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A pair of former high school sweethearts reunite after many years when they return to visit their small hometown.
Title: It's Only the End of the World | Genres: drama | Overview: Louis, a terminally ill writer, returns home after a long absence to tell his family that he is dying.
Title: Grease 2 | Genres: comedy, family, music, romance | Overview: It's 1961, two years after the original Grease gang graduated, and there's a new crop of seniors and new members of the coolest cliques on campus, the Pink Ladies and T-Birds. Michael Carrington is the new kid in school - but he's been branded a brainiac. Can he fix up an old motorcycle, don a leather jacket, avoid a rumble with the leader of the T-Birds, and win the heart of Pink Lady Stephanie?
Title: Mortadelo and Filemon: Mission Implausible | Genres: comedy, animation, adventure | Overview: A criminal produces an uncontrollable laughter to the population and Mortadelo and Filemón will have to stop him.
Title: The Greatest Story Ever Told | Genres: drama, history | Overview: From his birth in Bethlehem to his death and eventual resurrection, the life of Jesus Christ is given the all-star treatment in this epic retelling. Major aspects of Christ's life are touched upon, including the execution of all the newborn males in Egypt by King Herod; Christ's baptism by John the Baptist; and the betrayal by Judas after the Last Supper that eventually leads to Christ's crucifixion and miraculous return.
Title: Return to Sender | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A nurse living in a small town goes on a blind date with a man who is not the person he says he is.
Title: Daphne & Velma | Genres: comedy, horror, action, crime | Overview: Before their eventual team-up with Scooby and the gang, bright and optimistic Daphne and whip-smart and analytical Velma are both mystery-solving teens who are best friends but have only met online - until now. Daphne has just transferred to Velma's school, Ridge Valley High, an incredible tech-savvy institute with all the latest gadgets provided by the school's benefactor, tech billionaire Tobias Bloom. And while competition is fierce among the students for a coveted internship at Bloom Innovative, Daphne and Velma dig beyond all the gadgets and tech to investigate what is causing some of the brightest students in school to disappear - only to emerge again in a zombie-fied state.
Title: Jerry Maguire | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Jerry Maguire used to be a typical sports agent: willing to do just about anything he could to get the biggest possible contracts for his clients, plus a nice commission for himself. Then, one day, he suddenly has second thoughts about what he's really doing. When he voices these doubts, he ends up losing his job and all of his clients, save Rod Tidwell, an egomaniacal football player.
Title: High Life | Genres: science fiction, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: A father and his daughter struggle to survive in deep space where they live in isolation.
Title: Sleep Tight | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: César, an unhappy concierge, maintains a peculiar relationship with the very diverse inhabitants of the upper-class apartment building where he works in Barcelona.
Title: Vampire Hunter D | Genres: animation, fantasy, horror | Overview: In a far-future time ruled by the supernatural, a young girl requests the help of a vampire hunter to kill the vampire who has bitten her and thus prevent her from becoming a vampire herself.
"Title: Creation | Genres: drama, history | Overview: A psychological, heart-wrenching love story that provides a unique and inside look at Charles Darwin. Torn between faith and science, he struggles to finish his legendary book ""On the Origin of the Species,"" which goes on to become the foundation for evolutionary biology."
Title: Shanghai Knights | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, western | Overview: The dynamic duo of Chon Wang and Roy O'Bannon return for another crazy adventure. This time, they're in London to avenge the murder of Chon's father, but end up on an even bigger case. Chon's sister is there to do the same, but instead unearths a plot to kill the royal family. No one believes her, though, and it's up to Chon and Roy (who has romance on his mind) to prove her right.
Title: Operation Red Sea | Genres: action, thriller, war, drama | Overview: A squad of the Jiaolong Commando Unit - Sea Dragon, a spec ops team of the Chinese Navy, carries out a hostage rescue operation in the nation of Yewaire, on the Arabian Peninsula, and fiercely fights against local rebel groups and Zaka, a terrorist organization.
Title: Burying the Ex | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: Before horror enthusiast Max can break things off with his girlfriend Evelyn she dies in a bus accident. In time, Max meets another woman only to have Evelyn resurface as a zombie ready to resume their relationship.
Title: High Strung | Genres: music, romance, drama | Overview: When a hip hop violinist busking in the New York subway encounters a classical dancer on scholarship at the Manhattan Conservatory of the Arts, sparks fly. With the help of a hip hop dance crew they must find a common ground while preparing for a competition that could change their lives forever.
Title: Miss Bala | Genres: action | Overview: Gloria finds a power she never knew she had when she is drawn into a dangerous world of cross-border crime. Surviving will require all of her cunning, inventiveness, and strength.
Title: A Perfect World | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A kidnapped boy strikes up a friendship with his captor: an escaped convict on the run from the law, headed by an honorable U.S. Marshal.
Title: Mona Lisa Smile | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The story of Katherine Ann Watson, a feminist teacher who studied at UCLA graduate school and in 1953 left her boyfriend behind in Los Angeles, California to teach at Wellesley College, a conservative women's private liberal arts college in Massachusetts, United States.
Title: St. Agatha | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: St. Agatha is set in the 1950s in small town Georgia. A pregnant con woman named Agatha is on the run and seeks refuge in a convent hidden in deafening isolation. What first starts out as the perfect place to have a child turns into a dark lair where silence is forced. Ghastly secrets are masked, and every bit of will power Agatha has is tested. She soon learns the sick and twisted truth of the convent and the odd people that lurk inside its halls. Agatha must now find a way to discover the unyielding strength needed to escape and save her baby before she’s caged behind these walls forever.
Title: Vegas Vacation | Genres: comedy | Overview: The Griswold family hits the road again for a typically ill-fated vacation, this time to the glitzy mecca of slots and showgirls—Las Vegas.
Title: A Walk in the Clouds | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: World War II vet Paul Sutton falls for a pregnant and unwed woman who persuades him -- during their first encounter -- to pose as her husband so she can face her family.
Title: Porno Baby | Genres: drama | Overview: A woman undergoes psychological evaluation for her sexual desires.
Title: Dead Again in Tombstone | Genres: western, action, fantasy, horror | Overview: The devil’s outlaw and reluctant servant, Guerrero returns from the dead again in this action-packed western which promises to be one hell of a ride. Guerrero is forced to protect a stolen relic from getting into the hands of Jackson Boomer and his gang of soldiers, but Jackson will stop at nothing to raise his comrades from the dead and bring the wrath of hell upon earth. Guerrero must use all his dark powers in order to defeat Jackson and find redemption…or die again trying.
Title: Full Speed | Genres: family, comedy, action | Overview: A family together with their grandpa go on a vacation, when their new car won't stop and it nearly escapes crashing into a hundred cars.
Title: The Apostle | Genres: drama | Overview: Akim, young Muslim will become imam sees his upset when he is touched by the love of Christ ... In a family chaos that opposes his brother identity Akim attempt to be accepted by his family.
Title: Wild Orchid | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: A woman lawyer becomes mesmerized by a self-made millionaire during an encounter in Rio setting off a series of erotic encounters.
Title: Lying and Stealing | Genres: crime, comedy, drama | Overview: Hoping to leave his criminal lifestyle behind him, a successful art thief teams up with a sexy con woman to pull off the ultimate heist and set himself free.
Title: End of a Gun | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: A mall security guard—and former federal agent—crosses paths with a drug kingpin's enforcer after the guard saves a woman from danger.
Title: Casper's Scare School | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: When Casper's been being friendly lately even when playing with a boy named Jimmy, Kibosh: The King of the Underworld has Casper enrolled into a Scare School headed by the two-headed headmaster Alder and Dash. He befriends Ra, a mummy with unraveling issues and Mantha, a zombie girl who keeps falling apart. When Casper discovers the two-headed headmaster's plot to use a petrification potion to turn Kibosh into stone and take over the Underworld and Deedstown, he and his new friends must stop him.
Title: Beverly Hills Ninja | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: Haru, an orphaned American who washes ashore in Japan and is mistaken for the great White Ninja of legend. Raised among the finest Ninjas, Haru grows strong and big - very big. With the grace of all Three Stooges rolled into one body, Haru is an embarrassment to his clan. But when a beautiful blonde pleads for his help, Haru is given one dangerous, disastrously funny chance to prove himself.
Title: Entourage | Genres: comedy | Overview: Movie star Vincent Chase, together with his boys, Eric, Turtle and Johnny, are back…and back in business with super agent-turned-studio head Ari Gold. Some of their ambitions have changed, but the bond between them remains strong as they navigate the capricious and often cutthroat world of Hollywood.
Title: Elephant | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: Several ordinary high school students go through their daily routine as two others prepare for something more malevolent.
Title: Hawaiian Vacation | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: The toys throw Ken and Barbie a Hawaiian vacation in Bonnie's room.
Title: Pola X | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A writer leaves his upper-class life and journeys with a woman claiming to be his sister, and her two friends.
Title: All I See Is You | Genres: mystery, thriller | Overview: A blind woman's relationship with her husband changes when she regains her sight and discovers disturbing details about themselves.
Title: No Half Measures: Creating the Final Season of Breaking Bad | Genres: documentary | Overview: A documentary about the making of season five of the acclaimed AMC series Breaking Bad.
Title: New Initial D the Movie - Legend 1: Awakening | Genres: animation, action | Overview: The first movie in a trilogy, focusing on the battle against the Takahashi brothers. High school student Takumi Fujiwara works as a gas station attendant during the day and a delivery boy for his father's tofu shop during late nights. Little does he know that his precise driving skills and his father's modified Toyota Sprinter AE86 Trueno make him the best amateur road racer on Mt. Akina's highway. Because of this, racing groups from all over the Gunma prefecture issue challenges to Takumi to see if he really has what it takes to be a road legend.
Title: The Trial of the Chicago 7 | Genres: drama, history | Overview: What was supposed to be a peaceful protest turned into a violent clash with the police. What followed was one of the most notorious trials in history.
Title: Brooklyn | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: In 1950s Ireland and New York, young Eilis Lacey has to choose between two men and two countries.
Title: Hotel Mumbai | Genres: thriller, history, drama, action | Overview: Mumbai, India, November 26, 2008. While several terrorists spread hatred and death through the city, others attack the Taj Mahal Palace Hotel. Both hotel staff and guests risk their lives, making unthinkable sacrifices to protect themselves and keep everyone safe while help arrives.
Title: Too Handsome To Handle | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Wary of the effects of his good looks on others, a shut-in agrees to attend high school for the first time and meets a girl who's immune to his charm.
Title: Pokémon the Movie: Genesect and the Legend Awakened | Genres: action, adventure, animation, family | Overview: A group of five Genesect have invaded the big city and pose a threat to the supply of electricity, which attracts the attention of the legendary Pokémon Mewtwo. Satoshi, Pikachu and his friends must come to the rescue when the powerful leader, a red Genesect, faces Mewtwo.
Title: Office Space | Genres: comedy | Overview: Unable to endure another mind-numbing day at Initech Corporation, cubicle slave Peter Gibbons gets fired up and decides to get fired.
Title: A Fall from Grace | Genres: drama, fantasy, thriller | Overview: When a law-abiding woman gets indicted for murdering her husband, her lawyer soon realizes that a larger conspiracy may be at work.
Title: Kaamelott: The First Chapter | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: Following the end of the acclaimed tv series, King Arthur will oppose Lancelot's army to get the throne back after his flee to Rome.
Title: I Saw the Devil | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: Kyung-chul is a dangerous psychopath who kills for pleasure. He has committed infernal serial murders in diabolic ways that one cannot even imagine and his victims range from young women to even children. The police have chased him for a long time, but were unable to catch him. One day, Joo-yeon, daughter of a retired police chief becomes his prey and is found dead in a horrific state. Her fiance Soo-hyun, a top secret agent, decides to track down the murderer himself. He promises himself that he will do everything in his power to take bloody vengeance against the killer, even if it means that he must become a monster himself to get this monstrous and inhumane killer.
Title: The Man Who Knew Infinity | Genres: drama | Overview: Growing up poor in Madras, India, Srinivasa Ramanujan Iyengar earns admittance to Cambridge University during WWI, where he becomes a pioneer in mathematical theories with the guidance of his professor, G.H. Hardy.
Title: The Dyatlov Pass Incident | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: In February of 1959, nine Russian hikers ventured into a remote area of the Ural Mountains. Two weeks later, all of them were found dead. What happened is a mystery that has baffled investigators and researchers for decades. It has become known as the Dyatlov Pass Incident. When five ambitious American college students are issued a grant to return to the site of the original events, they gear up with the belief that they can uncover and document the truth of what happened to the supposedly experienced hikers. But what they find is more shocking than anything they could have imagined. Retracing the steps of the Russians' ill-fated journey, the students are plagued by strange and increasingly terrifying phenomena that suggest that in spite of the desolate surroundings, they are not alone. The forces at work in the Dyatlov Pass Incident have been waiting for them.
Title: Tiffany + Chucky | Genres: horror | Overview: Long before being fatally wounded and transferring his soul into the body of a Good Guy doll, Charles Lee Ray aka Chucky, was better known as the Lakeshore Strangler; a serial killer who wrought havoc all over the Chicago area. But Chucky's killing spree wasn't a solo venture. He had a little help from the only woman crazy enough to stand by his side- Tiffany Valentine. This is how they met.
Title: Last Tango in Paris | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A recently widowed American begins an anonymous sexual relationship with a young Parisian woman.
Title: Midway | Genres: action, drama, history, war | Overview: This war drama depicts the U.S. and Japanese forces in the naval Battle of Midway, which became a turning point for Americans during World War II.
Title: A Trash Truck Christmas | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: When Santa crash-lands in the junkyard on Christmas Eve, Hank, Trash Truck and their animal friends all have a hand in rescuing the holiday for everyone.
Title: 4x4 | Genres: thriller | Overview: Buenos Aires, Argentina. A luxurious van is parked on the sidewalk. A man enters with the purpose of stealing whatever he can find, but when he wants to leave, he cannot. The doors do not open, the control panel does not respond: the van has become an armored box and he is trapped like a mouse.
Title: Justin and the Knights of Valour | Genres: animation, adventure | Overview: A heart-warming tale about friendship, honour &amp; courage, which sees a young boy become a man as he embarks on a quest to become a knight.
Title: Jane Got a Gun | Genres: western, action, drama | Overview: After her outlaw husband returns home shot with eight bullets and barely alive, Jane reluctantly reaches out to an ex-lover who she hasn't seen in over ten years to help her defend her farm when the time comes that her husband's gang eventually tracks him down to finish the job.
Title: Close to the Horizon | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Jessica knows exactly what her life is supposed to look like and where it takes her. But then she meets Danny. He has a complicated past and could confuse all their plans. Jessica has to decide.
Title: Taxi 5 | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: A police officer who's transfered in the police of Marseille gets assigned to take down a group of Italian robbers who drive the powerfull Ferrari's with the older niece of Daniel, a terrible driver who gets the legendary white taxi.
Title: The Witches of Eastwick | Genres: comedy, fantasy, horror | Overview: Three single women in a picturesque village have their wishes granted - at a cost - when a mysterious and flamboyant man arrives in their lives.
Title: Hanna | Genres: action, thriller, adventure | Overview: Raised by her father, an ex-CIA agent, in the wilds of Finland, Hanna's upbringing has been geared to making her the perfect assassin. Sent into the world by her father on a mission, Hanna journeys across Europe, eluding agents dispatched after her by a ruthless intelligence operative. As she nears her ultimate target, Hanna faces startling revelations about her existence.
Title: Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home | Genres: science fiction, adventure | Overview: It's the 23rd century, and a mysterious alien power is threatening Earth by evaporating the oceans and destroying the atmosphere. In a frantic attempt to save mankind, Kirk and his crew must time travel back to 1986 San Francisco where they find a world of punk, pizza and exact-change buses that are as alien as anything they've ever encountered in the far reaches of the galaxy. A thrilling, action-packed Star Trek adventure!
Title: LEGO Marvel Spider-Man: Vexed by Venom | Genres: animation, action | Overview: Thanks to Green Goblin and Venom, tech theft is now at an all-time high. Can our Friendly Neighborhood Spider-Man put an end to their mysterious villainous scheme before all of New York City is destroyed?
Title: Escape From Alcatraz | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: San Francisco Bay, January 18, 1960. Frank Lee Morris is transferred to Alcatraz, a maximum security prison located on a rocky island. Although no one has ever managed to escape from there, Frank and other inmates begin to carefully prepare an escape plan.
Title: The Big Sick | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Pakistan-born comedian Kumail Nanjiani and grad student Emily Gardner fall in love but struggle as their cultures clash. When Emily contracts a mysterious illness, Kumail finds himself forced to face her feisty parents, his family's expectations, and his true feelings.
Title: Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd | Genres: comedy | Overview: This wacky prequel to the 1994 blockbuster goes back to the lame-brained Harry and Lloyd's days as classmates at a Rhode Island high school, where the unprincipled principal puts the pair in remedial courses as part of a scheme to fleece the school.
Title: Between Worlds | Genres: action, mystery, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Joe—a down-on-his-luck truck driver haunted by the memory of his deceased wife and child—meets Julie, a spiritually gifted woman who enlists his help in a desperate effort to find the lost soul of her comatose daughter. But the spirit of Joe's dead wife proves stronger, possessing the young woman's body and determined to settle her unfinished business with the living.
Title: The English Patient | Genres: drama, romance, war | Overview: In the 1930s, Count Almásy is a Hungarian map maker employed by the Royal Geographical Society to chart the vast expanses of the Sahara Desert along with several other prominent explorers. As World War II unfolds, Almásy enters into a world of love, betrayal, and politics.
Title: National Security | Genres: action, comedy, crime, thriller | Overview: Two mismatched security guards are thrown together to bust a smuggling operation.
Title: Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon: Sword of Destiny | Genres: action, adventure, drama | Overview: A story of lost love, young love, a legendary sword and one last opportunity at redemption.
Title: How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: It’s the battle of wills, as Andie (Kate Hudson) needs to prove she can dump a guy in 10 days, whereas Ben (Matthew McConaughey) needs to prove he can win a girl in 10 days. Now, the clock is ticking - and the wildly entertaining comedy smash is off and running in this irresistible tale of sex, lies and outrageous romantic fireworks!
Title: The Princess Bride | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy, comedy, romance | Overview: In this enchantingly cracked fairy tale, the beautiful Princess Buttercup and the dashing Westley must overcome staggering odds to find happiness amid six-fingered swordsmen, murderous princes, Sicilians and rodents of unusual size. But even death can't stop these true lovebirds from triumphing.
Title: Curious George 2: Follow That Monkey! | Genres: animation, family | Overview: The film chronicles George's adventures as he befriends Kayla, a baby elephant, at a magic circus show and helps her travel across the country to be reunited with her family.Accompanied by his friend, the Man with the Yellow Hat, George travels by foot, train, and truck to reach Kayla's brother and sister in California, only to be accused of elephant-napping and brought all the way back to New York.
Title: Hostile | Genres: drama, horror, romance, science fiction | Overview: Juliette, a lone survivor of an apocalyptic era, fights to survive against hunger, thirst, a broken leg and strange disturbing creatures that only come out at nighttime.
Title: Max Payne | Genres: crime, action, drama, thriller | Overview: A DEA agent whose family was slain as part of a conspiracy, and an assassin out to avenge her sister's death, join forces to solve a series of murders in New York City.
Title: Don't Knock Twice | Genres: horror | Overview: A mother desperate to reconnect with her troubled daughter becomes embroiled in the urban legend of a demonic witch.
Title: Extraterrestrial | Genres: science fiction, comedy | Overview: Everyone knows what to do if one morning the sky would be absolutely full of UFOs: run as fast as you can. However, what would happen if the invasion started while you are in the flat of the girl of your dreams, the one you have just met?
Title: Bad Samaritan | Genres: thriller, crime, horror | Overview: A thief makes a disturbing discovery in the house where he breaks in. Later, when he returns to the same house with his partner in crime, things are no longer how he expected.
Title: Thelma & Louise | Genres: drama, thriller, crime, adventure | Overview: Whilst on a short weekend getaway, Louise shoots a man who had tried to rape Thelma. Due to the incriminating circumstances, they make a run for it and thus a cross country chase ensues for the two fugitives. Along the way, both women rediscover the strength of their friendship and surprising aspects of their personalities and self-strengths in the trying times.
Title: The Prodigy | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A mother concerned about her young son's disturbing behavior thinks something supernatural may be affecting him.
"Title: Captain America | Genres: action, science fiction, war | Overview: During World War II, a brave, patriotic American Soldier undergoes experiments to become a new supersoldier, ""Captain America"". Racing to Germany to sabotage the rockets of Nazi baddie ""Red Skull"", Captain America winds up frozen until the 1990s. He reawakens to find that the Red Skull has changed identities and is now planning to kidnap the President of the United States."
Title: Baise-moi | Genres: crime, drama, romance, thriller | Overview: Manu has lived a difficult life. Abused and violently raped, she sets off to find herself only to meet Nadine, a prostitute who has encountered one too many injustices in the world. Angry at the world, they embark on a twisted, rage-filled road trip. They choose to have sex when they please and kill when they need. Leaving a trail of mischief and dead bodies in their wake. Generating a media blitz and manhunt, soon everyone is out to capture the young fugitives.
Title: Slither | Genres: horror, science fiction, fantasy, mystery, thriller | Overview: A small town is taken over by an alien plague, turning residents into zombies and all forms of mutant monsters.
Title: UFO | Genres: science fiction, action, thriller | Overview: A college student, who sees a UFO, uses his exceptional math skills to investigate the sighting with his friends while the FBI follows closely behind.
Title: The Witch: Part 1. The Subversion | Genres: action, mystery, fantasy | Overview: Ja-yoon is a high school student who struggles with memory loss after she endured some unknown trauma during her childhood. While trying to uncover the truth, she is unwittingly dragged into a world of crime and finds herself on a journey that will awaken many secrets hidden deep within.
Title: The Rookie | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Veteran cop Nick Pulovski is used to playing musical partners; many of the partners he's had in the past have died on the job, and often as a result of Nick's risky tactics. But the rookie who's been assigned to help Nick bust a carjacking ring is almost as hotheaded as he is … and when Nick gets kidnapped, his newbie partner is his only hope.
Title: The Girl on the Train | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: When a voyeuristic divorcee fixates on the lives of a perfect couple a far, she soon gets embroiled in a murder mystery that unfolds revealing truths about her own life.
Title: Early Man | Genres: family, comedy, animation, adventure | Overview: Dug, along with his sidekick Hognob, unite a cavemen tribe to save their hidden valley from being spoiled and, all together as a team, to face the menace of a mysterious and mighty enemy, on the turf of an ancient and sacred sport.
Title: Bruce Lee: A Warrior's Journey | Genres: documentary | Overview: Legendary martial artist Bruce Lee is the subject of this thoughtful documentary by Lee aficionado John Little. Using interviews, behind-the-scenes footage and action sequences from Lee's last (unfinished) film, Game of Death, Little paints a textured, complex portrait of the world's most famous action hero
Title: The Lake House | Genres: romance, drama, mystery | Overview: A lonely doctor who once occupied an unusual lakeside home begins exchanging love letters with its former resident, a frustrated architect. They must try to unravel the mystery behind their extraordinary romance before it's too late.
"Title: Only You | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: A childhood incident has convinced Faith Corvatch that her true love is a guy named ""Damon Bradley,"" but she has yet to meet him. Preparing to settle down and marry a foot doctor, Faith impulsively flies to Venice when it seems that she may be able to finally encounter the man of her dreams. Instead, she meets the charming Peter Wright. But can they fall in love if she still believes that she is intended to be with someone else?"
Title: Handsome Devil | Genres: drama | Overview: A music-mad 16-year-old outcast at a rugby-mad boarding school forms an unlikely friendship with his dashing new roommate.
Title: My Spy | Genres: family, action, comedy | Overview: A hardened CIA operative finds himself at the mercy of a precocious 9-year-old girl, having been sent undercover to surveil her family.
Title: Draug | Genres: horror, history, fantasy | Overview: In the 11th century a missionary goes missing somewhere in the huge forests bordering the northern parts of Sweden. Among the rescue party chosen to find him is Nanna, a young woman on her first real mission and her first return to the part of the country where she was born. But what they will find deep inside those woods is something else entirely. Something dark. Something ancient. Something evil.
Title: Crime Busters | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: An attempted robbery turns to be an unexpected recruitment when two unemployed men mistakenly break into a police office instead of a store.
Title: The Cave | Genres: action, adventure, horror, thriller | Overview: After a group of biologists discovers a huge network of unexplored caves in Romania and, believing it to be an undisturbed eco-system that has produced a new species, they hire the best American team of underwater cave explorers in the world. While exploring deeper into the underwater caves, a rockslide blocks their exit, and they soon discover a larger carnivorous creature has added them to its food chain.
Title: The Sicilian Clan | Genres: crime | Overview: Roger Santet is a convicted murderer sprung from prison by the Sicilian clan headed by the aging Vittorio Manalese. They conspire to steal a large cache of jewels from an exhibit in Rome. As they are preparing for the heist, the mobster's American friend Tony Nicosia suggests that a better way to get the rocks would be to hijack the transport plane while it is en route to New York. The dogged inspector Le Goff is using all the available resources to thwart their plans. Though the heist itself is successful, Santet finds himself trapped by the mob because of his fling with Manalese's daughter-in-law.
Title: Paradox | Genres: crime, action, drama | Overview: When a Hong Kong police negotiator is informed about the sudden disappearance of his 16-year-old daughter in Thailand, he travels there to search for her whereabouts.
Title: La leyenda del Charro Negro | Genres: animation | Overview: After releasing the Chupacabras, Leo San Juan decides that it is time to return together with his brother Nando to his grandmother's house. Halfway down the road, Charro Negro manages to confuse Leo and because of him, an innocent girl is dragged into the underworld. Leo is forced to repair the damage. Your friends will come to try to help you and get out of there as soon as possible. But it is no coincidence that the Charro has chosen to involve Leo, his intentions go beyond getting a new soul.
Title: Anna Karenina | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Trapped in a loveless marriage, aristocrat Anna Karenina enters into a life-changing affair with the affluent Count Vronsky.
Title: Wild Things: Diamonds in the Rough | Genres: crime, drama, mystery | Overview: Two young women will stop at nothing for one to gain a $4 million inheritance of two priceless diamonds, while two detectives try to thwart their plans, but find complications abound.
"Title: Pacto de Fuga | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: During the last years of Pinochet's military regime, a group of militants from the ""Manuel Rodríguez Patriotic Front"" plan a prison break of political prisoners, through a tunnel that will take them 18 months to dig."
"Title: DuckTales: The Movie - Treasure of the Lost Lamp | Genres: adventure, animation, family, comedy, fantasy | Overview: With his nephews and niece, everyone's favorite rich uncle, Scrooge McDuck, treks from his mansion home in Duckburg in search of the long-lost loot of the thief Collie Baba. But finding the goods isn't quite what it's ""quacked"" up to be! Their thrilling adventure leads to comical chaos, magical mayhem, and a lesson about what is far more valuable than money, gold and jewels."
Title: Barbershop 2: Back in Business | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: The continuing adventures of the barbers at Calvin's Barbershop. Gina, a stylist at the beauty shop next door, is now trying to cut in on his business. Calvin is again struggling to keep his father's shop and traditions alive--this time against urban developers looking to replace mom & pop establishments with name-brand chains. The world changes, but some things never go out of style--from current events and politics to relationships and love, you can still say anything you want at the barbershop.
Title: Pokémon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea | Genres: family, animation, action, adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: On their way through the Battle Frontier, Ash and friends meet up with a Pokémon Ranger who's mission is to deliever the egg of Manaphy to a temple on the ocean's floor. However, a greedy pirate wants the power of Manaphy to himself.
Title: Stealing Beauty | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Lucy Harmon, an American teenager is arriving in the lush Tuscan countryside to be sculpted by a family friend who lives in a beautiful villa. Lucy visited there four years earlier and exchanged a kiss with an Italian boy with whom she hopes to become reacquainted.
Title: Dogtooth | Genres: drama | Overview: Three teenagers are confined to an isolated country estate that could very well be on another planet. The trio spend their days listening to endless homemade tapes that teach them a whole new vocabulary. Any word that comes from beyond their family abode is instantly assigned a new meaning. Hence 'the sea' refers to a large armchair and 'zombies' are little yellow flowers. Having invented a brother whom they claim to have ostracized for his disobedience, the uber-controlling parents terrorize their offspring into submission.
Title: Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within | Genres: adventure, action, fantasy, science fiction, thriller, romance, animation | Overview: Led by a strange dream, scientist Aki Ross struggles to collect the eight spirits in the hope of creating a force powerful enough to protect the planet. With the aid of the Deep Eyes Squadron and her mentor, Dr. Sid, Aki must save the Earth from its darkest hate and unleash the spirits within.
Title: Hotel Artemis | Genres: thriller, science fiction, action | Overview: Los Angeles, June 21st, 2028. While the streets are being torn apart by riots, the Nurse, who runs a clandestine hospital for criminals in the penthouse of the Artemis, a closed old hotel, has a rough night dealing with troublemaker clients: thieves, assassins, someone from the past and the one who owns the place and the whole city.
Title: Collide | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: An American backpacker gets involved with a ring of drug smugglers as their driver, and winds up on the run from his employers across Munich's autobahns.
Title: Woochi : The Demon Slayer | Genres: adventure, action, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Spanning four centuries in Korea, this epic action-adventure concerns a powerful pipe and a trio of wizards who will do anything to protect it.
"Title: Biker Boyz | Genres: action, drama | Overview: A mythic motorcycle tale of father and son"", this is the story of Manuel Galloway, also known as ""the King of Cali"", the president of a motorcycle club whose members are all African-American men, mostly white-collar workers who exchange their suits and ties at night and on weekends for leather outfits and motorcycle helmets."
Title: Silver Bullet | Genres: horror | Overview: The small city of Tarker's Mill is startled by a series of sadistic murders. The population fears that this is the work of a maniac. During a search a mysterious, hairy creature is observed. This strange appearance is noticed once a month. People lock themselves up at night, but there's one boy who's still outside, he's preparing the barbecue.
Title: Widows | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: A police shootout leaves four thieves dead during an explosive armed robbery attempt in Chicago. Their widows have nothing in common except a debt left behind by their spouses' criminal activities. Hoping to forge a future on their own terms, they join forces to pull off a heist.
Title: The Curious Dr. Humpp | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: A doctor kidnaps young couples and performs bizarre experiments on them.
Title: Wedding Daze | Genres: comedy | Overview: After losing the woman of his dreams, Anderson is convinced he'll never fall in love again. But at the urging of his best friend, he spontaneously proposes to a dissatisfied waitress named Katie and an innocent dare evolves into the kind of love that both have been looking for all along.
Title: Smokin' Aces | Genres: action, comedy, crime, thriller | Overview: When a Las Vegas performer-turned-snitch named Buddy Israel decides to turn state's evidence and testify against the mob, it seems that a whole lot of people would like to make sure he's no longer breathing.
Title: Broken Arrow | Genres: action | Overview: When rogue stealth-fighter pilot Vic Deakins deliberately drops off the radar while on maneuvers, the Air Force ends up with two stolen nuclear warheads -- and Deakins's co-pilot, Riley Hale, is the military's only hope for getting them back. Traversing the deserted canyons of Utah, Hale teams with park ranger Terry Carmichael to put Deakins back in his box.
Title: Disturbia | Genres: thriller, drama, mystery | Overview: Kale is a 17-year-old placed under house arrest after punching his teacher. He is confined to his house, and decides to use his free time spying on his neighbors. Things start to get weird when guests enter the Turner's house and don't come back out. Kale and his friends, Ronnie and Ashley, start to grow more and more interested in what is actually happening within the house of Robert Turner.
Title: Dracula | Genres: horror, drama, fantasy | Overview: British estate agent Renfield travels to Transylvania to meet with the mysterious Count Dracula, who is interested in leasing a castle in London and is, unbeknownst to Renfield, a vampire. After Dracula enslaves Renfield and drives him to insanity, the pair sail to London together, and as Dracula begins preying on London socialites, the two become the subject of study for a supernaturalist professor, Abraham Van Helsing.
Title: Black Mass | Genres: drama, crime, history | Overview: The true story of Whitey Bulger, the brother of a state senator and the most infamous violent criminal in the history of South Boston, who became an FBI informant to take down a Mafia family invading his turf.
Title: The Possession | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A young girl buys an antique box at a yard sale, unaware that inside the collectible lives a malicious ancient spirit. The girl's father teams with his ex-wife to find a way to end the curse upon their child.
"Title: Ultraviolet | Genres: science fiction, action, thriller | Overview: In the late 21st century, a subculture of humans have emerged who have been modified genetically by a vampire-like disease, giving them enhanced speed, incredible stamina and acute intelligence. As they are set apart from ""normal"" and ""healthy"" humans, the world is pushed to the brink of worldwide civil war aimed at the destruction of the ""diseased"" population. In the middle of this crossed-fire is - an infected woman - Ultraviolet, who finds herself protecting a nine-year-old boy who has been marked for death by the human government as he is believed to be a threat to humans."
Title: The Call of Sex | Genres: thriller | Overview: A man finds a woman that reminds him of his long lost love: his step-sister with whom he initiated his sex life. But he is married and his wife wants proof of the cheating to get a divorce.
Title: Tom and Jerry: Shiver Me Whiskers | Genres: family, animation, comedy | Overview: Dueling cat-and-mouse team Tom and Jerry hit the high seas on a hunt for buried treasure in this pirate adventure. The tale begins when crew member Tom sets sail with an infamous pirate and finds a treasure map along with stowaway Jerry. The furry swashbucklers race to a deserted island where X marks the spot, but along with battling each other, they must outwit ruthless buccaneers, angry monkeys and a giant octopus to strike it rich.
Title: Mary Shelley | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The love affair between poet Percy Shelley and Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin resulted in the creation of an immortal novel, “Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus.”
Title: Van Wilder 2: The Rise of Taj | Genres: comedy | Overview: Taj Mahal Badalandabad leaves Coolidge College behind for the halls of Camford University in England, where he looks to continue his education, and teach an uptight student how to make the most out of her academic career.
Title: Flightplan | Genres: thriller, drama, mystery | Overview: Flying at 40,000 feet in a state-of-the art aircraft that she helped design, Kyle Pratt's 6-year-old daughter Julia vanishes without a trace. Or did she? No one on the plane believes Julia was ever onboard. And now Kyle, desperate and alone, can only count on her own wits to unravel the mystery and save her daughter.
Title: Return of the Seven | Genres: western | Overview: Chico one of the remaining members of The Magnificent Seven now lives in the town that they (The Seven) helped. One day someone comes and takes most of the men prisoner. His wife seeks out Chris, the leader of The Seven for help. Chris also meets Vin another member of The Seven. They find four other men and they go to help Chico.
Title: Bereavement | Genres: crime, horror | Overview: In 1989, six year old Martin Bristoll was kidnapped from his backyard swing in Minersville Pennsylvania. Graham Sutter, a psychotic recluse, kept Martin imprisoned on his derelict pig farm, forcing him to witness and participate in unspeakable horrors. Chosen at random, his victim's screams were drowned out by the rural countryside. For five years, Martin's whereabouts have remained a mystery, until 17 year old Allison Miller comes to live with her Uncle, Jonathan. While exploring her new surroundings, Allison discovers things aren't quite right at the farmhouse down the road. Her curiosity disturbs a hornet's nest of evil and despair that once torn open, can never be closed.
"Title: A la mala | Genres: comedy | Overview: Maria Laura ""Mala"" is an actress with little luck, but she is successful working for other women, seducing their boyfriends to know if they are faithful or not. But everything changes when her dream to perform in her acting career depends on a job to be performed with Santiago who breaks the pattern and shakes her professional convictions."
Title: That Malicious Age | Genres: drama | Overview: Gardener Nino Castellano takes a job in a southern-Italian villa and quickly finds himself embroiled in a menage-a-trois with Gloria Guida and Anita Sanders which soon leads to sex, death and mayhem!
"Title: Monty Python and the Holy Grail | Genres: adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: King Arthur, accompanied by his squire, recruits his Knights of the Round Table, including Sir Bedevere the Wise, Sir Lancelot the Brave, Sir Robin the Not-Quite-So-Brave-As-Sir-Lancelot and Sir Galahad the Pure. On the way, Arthur battles the Black Knight who, despite having had all his limbs chopped off, insists he can still fight. They reach Camelot, but Arthur decides not to enter, as ""it is a silly place""."
Title: All the Devil's Men | Genres: action | Overview: A battle-scarred War on Terror bounty hunter is forced to go to London on a manhunt for a disavowed CIA operative, which leads him into a deadly running battle with a former military comrade and his private army.
Title: Children of the Sea | Genres: animation, fantasy, adventure, mystery | Overview: Ruka is a young girl whose parents are separated and whose father works in an aquarium. When two boys, Umi and Sora, who were raised in the sea by dugongs, are brought to the aquarium, Ruka feels drawn to them and begins to realize that she has the same sort of supernatural connection to the ocean that they do. Umi and Sora's special power seems to be connected to strange events that have been occurring more and more frequently, such as the appearance of sea creatures far from their home territory and the disappearance of aquarium animals around the world. However, the exact nature of the boys' power and of the abnormal events is unknown, and Ruka gets drawn into investigating the mystery that surrounds her new friends.
Title: The Death of the Incredible Hulk | Genres: action, drama, science fiction, tv movie | Overview: During the critical experiment that would rid David Banner of the Hulk,a spy sabotages the laboratory. Banner falls in love with the spy, Jasmin, who performs missions only because her sister is being held hostage by Jasmin's superiors. Banner and Jasmin try to escape from the enemy agents to rebuild their lives together, but the Hulk is never far from them.
Title: The Omen | Genres: horror | Overview: A diplomatic couple adopts the son of the devil without knowing it. A remake of the classic horror film of the same name from 1976.
Title: Ocean Waves | Genres: romance, animation, drama | Overview: At Kichijōji Station, Tokyo, Taku Morisaki glimpses a familiar woman on the platform opposite boarding a train. Later, her photo falls from a shelf as he exits his apartment before flying to Kōchi Prefecture. Picking it up, he looks at it briefly before leaving. As the aeroplane takes off, he narrates the events that brought her into his life...
Title: Jawbreaker | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Three of Reagan High School's most popular girls pretend to kidnap their friend by shoving a jawbreaker into the victim's mouth to keep her from screaming. Their plan goes awry when the girl swallows the jawbreaker, choking to death. Now the leader of the pack will do anything to keep the accident a secret.
Title: The Benchwarmers | Genres: comedy | Overview: A trio of guys try and make up for missed opportunities in childhood by forming a three-player baseball team to compete against standard little league squads.
Title: Summer of Soul (...Or, When the Revolution Could Not Be Televised) | Genres: documentary, music | Overview: During the same summer as Woodstock, over 300,000 people attended the Harlem Cultural Festival, celebrating African American music and culture, and promoting Black pride and unity. The footage from the festival sat in a basement, unseen for over 50 years, keeping this incredible event in America's history lost—until now.
Title: White Boy Rick | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: The story of a teenager, Richard Wershe Jr., who became an undercover informant for the police during the 1980s and was ultimately arrested for drug-trafficking and sentenced to life in prison.
Title: Ringu 0 | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Taking place thirty years before the events of Ringu, Ringu 0 provides the shocking background story of how the girl on the video became a deadly, vengeful spirit.
Title: The Treasure of the Sierra Madre | Genres: adventure, drama, western | Overview: Fred C. Dobbs and Bob Curtin, both down on their luck in Tampico, Mexico in 1925, meet up with a grizzled prospector named Howard and decide to join with him in search of gold in the wilds of central Mexico. Through enormous difficulties, they eventually succeed in finding gold, but bandits, the elements, and most especially greed threaten to turn their success into disaster.
Title: The Art of the Steal | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Crunch Calhoun, a third-rate motorcycle daredevil and part-time art thief, teams up with his snaky brother to steal one of the most valuable books in the world. But it's not just about the book for Crunch — he's keen to rewrite some chapters of his own past as well.
Title: Wishmaster 4: The Prophecy Fulfilled | Genres: horror | Overview: The unspeakable evil of the soul-devouring djinn rises again in this fourth electrifying installment of the unstoppable Wishmaster horror legacy! But now, as a host of new victims see their most nightmarish wishes come true, the world faces the ultimate demonic terror: an onslaught of multiple djinns hell-bent on destroying everything in their path!
"Title: Futurama: Bender's Big Score | Genres: animation, comedy, science fiction, tv movie | Overview: The Planet Express crew return from cancellation, only to be robbed blind by hideous ""sprunging"" scam artists. Things go from bad to worse when the scammers hack Bender, start traveling through time, and take Earth over entirely! Will the crew be able to save the day, or will Bender's larcenous tendencies and their general incompetence doom them all?"
Title: Hellraiser: Deader | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: In London, after investigating crack addicted junkies for an article in her newspaper, Amy Klein watches a bizarre videotape where an underground group of youngsters in Bucharest apparently becoming zombies. Amy finds Marla dead with a puzzle cube in her hands. She brings the object to her hotel room, and opens it, beginning her journey to hell.
Title: Belle | Genres: drama | Overview: BELLE is inspired by the true story of Dido Elizabeth Belle, the illegitimate mixed race daughter of a Royal Navy Admiral. Raised by her aristocratic great-uncle Lord Mansfield and his wife, Belle's lineage affords her certain privileges, yet the color of her skin prevents her from fully participating in the traditions of her social standing. Left to wonder if she will ever find love, Belle falls for an idealistic young vicar's son bent on change who, with her help, shapes Lord Mansfield's role as Lord Chief Justice to end slavery in England
"Title: Excalibur | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: A surreal adaptation of Sir Thomas Malory's ""Le Morte d'Arthur"", chronicling Arthur Pendragon's conception, his rise to the throne, the search by his Knights of the Round Table for the Holy Grail, and ultimately his death."
Title: Sunshine | Genres: science fiction, thriller, horror | Overview: Fifty years into the future, the sun is dying, and Earth is threatened by arctic temperatures. A team of astronauts is sent to revive the Sun — but the mission fails. Seven years later, a new team is sent to finish the mission as mankind’s last hope.
Title: Don't Let Go | Genres: science fiction, thriller, mystery, crime | Overview: A detective suffering from a personal loss receives a call from his recently deceased niece. Being able to communicate across time, the two work together to try and stop the crime before it occurs.
Title: Flatliners | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: Five medical students, hoping to understand the mystery of what lies beyond life, embark on a dangerous experiment. When their hearts are stopped for a short period of time, they have a near-death experience…
Title: Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha: Reflection | Genres: fantasy, animation, action, science fiction | Overview: The planet Eltria, having suffered severe desertification in the past, has all but been abandoned. Against her older sister's wishes, Kyrie Florian travels to Earth alongside her best friend, the AI Iris, in search of the key to their planet's regeneration. However, the only way to find it lies within the Tome of the Night Sky, leading them into conflict with Nanoha and her friends.
Title: Cats | Genres: animation, family | Overview: A cat named Blanket has long been living in a high-rise apartment in the city with his son, Cloak. One day, curious about the outside world, Cloak decides to leave home and embarks on an adventure to find the legendary cat's paradise. To find his son, Blanket must overcome his fear and reconcile with his past, with the help of a female Macaw.
Title: Knockaround Guys | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: Four sons of well-known New York mobsters must retrieve a bag of cash from a small Montana town ruled by a corrupt sheriff.
Title: Woman with Pierced Nipples | Genres: drama | Overview: A man and woman share in some bizarre and masochistic sex-games, including chain-bondage, shoe-licking, watersports, and car-antenna fucking. There is a side-plot about a female slavery ring where the captors are imprisoned in cages to be used at the will of a group of private sex-club patrons.
Title: Star Trek: First Contact | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure, thriller | Overview: The Borg, a relentless race of cyborgs, are on a direct course for Earth. Violating orders to stay away from the battle, Captain Picard and the crew of the newly-commissioned USS Enterprise E pursue the Borg back in time to prevent the invaders from changing Federation history and assimilating the galaxy.
Title: Transcendence | Genres: thriller, science fiction, drama, mystery | Overview: Two leading computer scientists work toward their goal of Technological Singularity, as a radical anti-technology organization fights to prevent them from creating a world where computers can transcend the abilities of the human brain.
Title: Kids in Love | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Drifting through his gap year with its internships and travel plans, Jack has always suspected there was more to life than this. A chance encounter with the beautiful and ethereal Evelyn swerves his life radically off course.
Title: Seeking a Friend for the End of the World | Genres: comedy, drama, romance, science fiction | Overview: As an asteroid nears Earth, a man finds himself alone after his wife leaves in a panic. He decides to take a road trip to reunite with his high school sweetheart. Accompanying him is a neighbor who inadvertently puts a wrench in his plan.
Title: Arctic Dogs | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: Animals band together to save the day when the evil Otto Von Walrus hatches a sinister scheme to accelerate global warming and melt the Arctic Circle.
Title: Black Christmas | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: An escaped maniac returns to his childhood home on Christmas Eve, which is now a sorority house, and begins to murder the sorority sisters one by one.
Title: Halloween Ends | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Four years after the traumatic events of Halloween 2018, the nightmare ends as Laurie Strode comes face to face with Michael Myers, once and for all.
Title: Duel | Genres: action, thriller, tv movie | Overview: Traveling businessman David Mann angers the driver of a rusty tanker while crossing the California desert. A simple trip turns deadly, as Mann struggles to stay on the road while the tanker plays cat and mouse with his life.
Title: BLACKPINK: Light Up the Sky | Genres: documentary, music | Overview: Record-shattering Korean girl band BLACKPINK tell their story — and detail the hard fought journey of the dreams and trials behind their meteoric rise.
Title: Non Non Biyori: Vacation | Genres: comedy, animation, adventure, drama | Overview: The movie for Non Non Biyori series. Summer vacation is drawing to an end. When Suguru wins a free trip to Okinawa, all of the five students of Asahigaoka branch school are excited to end their vacation with a bang. Along with Hikage, Konomi, and their teacher and the candy store owner, everyone goes to Okinawa for a fun three-day trip. There, Natsumi makes friends with Aoi, the girl who helps out at the hotel they stay in.
Title: The Jewel of the Nile | Genres: adventure, action, comedy, romance | Overview: Joan Wilder is thrust back into a world of murder, chases, foreign intrigue... and love. This time out she's duped by a duplicitous Arab dignitary who brings her to the Middle East, ostensibly to write a book about his life. Of course he's up to no good, and Joan is just another pawn in his wicked game. But Jack Colton and his sidekick Ralph show up to help our intrepid heroine save the day.
Title: Monos | Genres: drama, war | Overview: On a faraway mountaintop, eight kids with guns watch over a hostage and a conscripted milk cow.
Title: Saw | Genres: crime, horror, thriller | Overview: David, an orderly at a hospital, tells his horrific story of being kidnapped and forced to play a vile game of survival.
Title: Rugrats in Paris: The Movie | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: A group of naughty toddlers called the Rugrats take a trip to Paris. As they travel from the Eiffel Tower to Notre Dame, they learn new lessons about trust, loyalty, and love.
Title: An American Werewolf in Paris | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: An American man unwittingly gets involved with werewolves who have developed a serum allowing them to transform at will.
Title: Under the Tuscan Sun | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: After a rough divorce, Frances, a 35 year old book editor from San Francisco takes a tour of Tuscany at the urgings of her friends. On a whim she buys Bramasole, a run down villa in the Tuscan countryside and begins to piece her life together starting with the villa and finds that life sometimes has unexpected ways of giving her everything she wanted.
Title: The Dig | Genres: drama, history | Overview: As WWII looms, a wealthy widow hires an amateur archaeologist to excavate the burial mounds on her estate. When they make a historic discovery, the echoes of Britain's past resonate in the face of its uncertain future‎.
Title: The Roommate | Genres: thriller, drama, horror | Overview: When Sara, a young design student from Iowa, arrives for college in Los Angeles, she is eager to fit in and get to know the big city. Her wealthy roommate, Rebecca, is more than eager to take Sara under her wing and show her the ropes. The two become close, but when Sara begins to branch out and make more friends on campus, Rebecca becomes resentful. Alarmed, Sara moves in with her new boyfriend, causing Rebecca's behavior to take a violent turn.
Title: Radioactive | Genres: drama, romance, history | Overview: The story of Nobel Prize winner Marie Curie and her extraordinary scientific discoveries—through the prism of her marriage to husband Pierre—and the seismic and transformative effects their discovery of radium had on the 20th century.
Title: D.E.B.S. | Genres: action, comedy, romance | Overview: The star of a team of teenage crime fighters falls for the alluring villainess she must bring to justice.
Title: The Humanity Bureau | Genres: action, science fiction, adventure | Overview: In 2030 the world is in a permanent state of economic recession and facing serious environmental problems as a result of global warming.
Title: A Fish Called Wanda | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: A diamond advocate is attempting to steal a collection of diamonds, yet troubles arise when he realizes that he is not the only one after the diamonds.
Title: The Highwaymen | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: In 1934, Frank Hamer and Manny Gault, two former Texas Rangers, are commissioned to put an end to the wave of vicious crimes perpetrated by Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow, a notorious duo of infamous robbers and cold-blooded killers who nevertheless are worshiped by the public.
Title: All About Eve | Genres: drama | Overview: From the moment she glimpses her idol at the stage door, Eve Harrington is determined to take the reins of power away from the great actress Margo Channing. Eve maneuvers her way into Margo's Broadway role, becomes a sensation and even causes turmoil in the lives of Margo's director boyfriend, her playwright and his wife. Only the cynical drama critic sees through Eve, admiring her audacity and perfect pattern of deceit.
"Title: Do It Like An Hombre | Genres: comedy | Overview: Raúl, Eduardo and Santiago have led a happy and ""straight"" life since their childhood, until, one day, Santiago confesses to them that he is gay."
Title: El Siete Machos | Genres: comedy, western | Overview: Rosario, the niece of the rancher, returns to the ranch after ten years of absence. She takes in Margarito, a worker at the ranch, who is immediately smitten by her. Rosario is rescued from a runaway horse by the Seven Men, an outlaw a la Robin Hood that steals from the rich and gives to the poor. He also happens to be the twin brother of Margarito, unbeknownst to him. The confusion between Margarito and the Seven Men generates great comical situations in the film.
Title: Flash Gordon | Genres: science fiction, adventure | Overview: A football player and his mates travel to the planet Mongo and find themselves fighting the tyranny of Ming the Merciless to save Earth.
Title: Set It Up | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Two overworked and underpaid assistants come up with a plan to get their bosses off their backs by setting them up with each other.
Title: Super Troopers 2 | Genres: comedy, crime, mystery | Overview: When an international border dispute arises between the U.S. and Canada, the Super Troopers- Mac, Thorny, Foster, Rabbit and Farva, are called in to set up a new Highway Patrol station in the disputed area.
Title: Lady Macbeth | Genres: drama | Overview: Rural England, 1865. Katherine, suffocated by her loveless marriage to a bitter man and restrained by his father's tyranny, unleashes an irresistible force within her, so powerful that she will stop at nothing to get what she wants.
Title: Heatwave | Genres: thriller | Overview: A woman's life takes an unexpected turn when she falls for her boss's wife. She must soon defend herself as she becomes entangled in a web of malice.
Title: The Aeronauts | Genres: adventure, drama, romance | Overview: In 1862, daredevil balloon pilot Amelia Wren teams up with pioneering meteorologist James Glaisher to advance human knowledge of the weather and fly higher than anyone in history. While breaking records and advancing scientific discovery, their voyage to the very edge of existence helps the unlikely pair find their place in the world they have left far below them. But they face physical and emotional challenges in the thin air, as the ascent becomes a fight for survival.
Title: They Call Me Jeeg | Genres: crime, drama, action, science fiction | Overview: After accidentally coming into contact with radioactive waste, small-time crook Enzo Ceccotti gains superpowers. A misanthropic, introverted brute, he uses his new powers for personal gain until he meets Alessia, a mentally challenged girl who believes Enzo’s the hero from her favorite Japanese anime series, Steel Jeeg.
Title: Critters 2 | Genres: comedy, horror, science fiction | Overview: A batch of unhatched critter eggs are mistaken for Easter eggs by the country-folk inhabitants of Grover's Bend and, before long, the ferocious furballs are on the rampage again.
Title: Bill & Ted Face the Music | Genres: comedy, science fiction, adventure | Overview: Yet to fulfil their rock and roll destiny, the now middle-aged best friends Bill and Ted set out on a new adventure when a visitor from the future warns them that only their song can save life as we know it. Along the way, they are helped by their daughters, a new batch of historical figures and a few music legends — to seek the song that will set their world right and bring harmony to the universe.
Title: Wild | Genres: drama | Overview: A woman with a tragic past decides to start her new life by hiking for one thousand miles on the Pacific Crest Trail.
Title: Yours, Mine and Ours | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: When a widower with ten children marries a widow with eight, can the twenty of them ever come together as one big happy family?
Title: Emmanuelle 3 | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Emmanuelle and her architect husband continue their amoral lifestyle in the Seychelles. But when a casual dilliance between her and a film director starts to turn serious her husband shows very traditional signs of jealousy.
Title: The Final Countdown | Genres: war, action, science fiction | Overview: During routine manoeuvres near Hawaii in 1980, the aircraft-carrier USS Nimitz is caught in a strange vortex-like storm, throwing the ship back in time to 1941—mere hours before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
Title: Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, family, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: The four turtles travel back in time to the days of the legendary and deadly samurai in ancient Japan, where they train to perfect the art of becoming one. The turtles also assist a small village in an uprising.
Title: Stalker | Genres: science fiction, drama | Overview: Near a gray and unnamed city is the Zone, a place guarded by barbed wire and soldiers, and where the normal laws of physics are victim to frequent anomalies. A stalker guides two men into the Zone, specifically to an area in which deep-seated desires are granted.
Title: The 100 Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared | Genres: adventure, comedy, drama | Overview: After living a long and colorful life, Allan Karlsson finds himself stuck in a nursing home. On his 100th birthday, he leaps out a window and begins an unexpected journey.
Title: Look Who's Talking Now! | Genres: romance, comedy, family | Overview: When Samantha LeBon hatches a scheme to spend a romantic Christmas with her new employee -- the unsuspecting, blithesome James -- his wife, their kids and their two dogs, Rocks and Daphne, must rescue him before he makes a terrible mistake.
Title: Major Payne | Genres: adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Major Benson Winifred Payne is being discharged from the Marines. Payne is a killin' machine, but the wars of the world are no longer fought on the battlefield. A career Marine, he has no idea what to do as a civilian, so his commander finds him a job - commanding officer of a local school's JROTC program, a bunch of ragtag losers with no hope.
Title: Five Nights at Freddy's: Home Breach | Genres: horror | Overview: A young woman is terrified as the events and characters of the FNAF Universe come to life and haunt her in her home, via a mobile game.
Title: Booksmart | Genres: comedy | Overview: Two academic teenage superstars realize, on the eve of their high school graduation, that they should have worked less and played more. Determined to never fall short of their peers, the girls set out on a mission to cram four years of fun into one night.
Title: Standoff | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: A troubled veteran gets a chance at redemption by protecting a girl from an assassin after she witnesses a murder. Holding a shotgun with a single shell, he engages in physical and psychological warfare in a desperate fight for the girl's life.
Title: War and Peace | Genres: drama, war, romance, history | Overview: Napoleon's tumultuous relations with Russia including his disastrous 1812 invasion serve as the backdrop for the tangled personal lives of two aristocratic families.
Title: Firebreather | Genres: adventure, fantasy, animation, action, thriller, science fiction, family, tv movie | Overview: It's not easy being a teen like Duncan. His mom wants him to pay more attention to his homework, while his dad - a 120-foot-tall monster known as a Kaiju - wants him to become the next King of All Monsters. When these worlds collide, Duncan must use his human wits and his Kaiju powers - including super strength, agility and the ability to breathe fire - to protect his family and friends from a giant monster rampage.
Title: Little Shop of Horrors | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: Seymour Krelborn is a nerdy orphan working at Mushnik's, a flower shop in urban Skid Row. He harbors a crush on fellow co-worker Audrey Fulquard, and is berated by Mr. Mushnik daily. One day Seymour finds a very mysterious unidentified plant which he calls Audrey II. The plant seems to have a craving for blood and soon begins to sing for his supper.
Title: Straight from the Barrio | Genres: drama, action, crime | Overview: A young drug dealer falls in love while facing disruption among the men in his gang, and being offered a career as a Reggaetón singer.
Title: The Prince | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: A family man who turns out to be a retired mob enforcer must travel across the country to find his daughter who has gone missing.
"Title: Falling Down | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: On the day of his daughter's birthday, William ""D-Fens"" Foster is trying to get to the home of his estranged ex-wife to see his daughter. His car breaks down, so he leaves his car in a traffic jam in Los Angeles and decides to walk. He goes to a convenience store and tries to get some change for a phone call, but the Korean owner does not oblige, tipping Foster over the edge. The unstable Foster, so frustrated with the various flaws he sees in society, begins to psychotically and violently lash out against them."
Title: Trinity Is Still My Name | Genres: comedy, western | Overview: The two brothers Trinity and Bambino are exchanged by two federal agents and take advantage of the situation to steal a huge booty hidden in a monastery by a gang of outlaws.
Title: Superman III | Genres: comedy, science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: Aiming to defeat the Man of Steel, wealthy executive Ross Webster hires bumbling but brilliant Gus Gorman to develop synthetic kryptonite, which yields some unexpected psychological effects in the third installment of the 1980s Superman franchise. Between rekindling romance with his high school sweetheart and saving himself, Superman must contend with a powerful supercomputer.
Title: The Last Paradiso | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In 1950s Italy, a farmer's dream of improving workers’ living conditions collapses when he falls for a landowner's daughter. Based on true events.
Title: The Quest | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: Ghang-gheng, the ancient winner-take-all competition in which the deadliest fighters from around the world employ the most spectacular feats of martial arts skills ever displayed in order to win the prized Golden Dragon. But fighting prowess alone will not be enough for Chris to triumph over such daunting foes.
Title: Solomon Kane | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: A nomadic 16th century warrior, condemned to hell for his brutal past, seeks redemption by renouncing violence, but finds some things are worth burning for as he fights to free a young Puritan woman from the grip of evil.
Title: Line of Duty | Genres: thriller, crime | Overview: Frank Penny is a disgraced cop looking for a shot at redemption. When the police chief's 11-year-old daughter is abducted, Frank goes rogue to try and save her. But to find the girl, Frank will need the help of Ava Brooks, whose live-streaming news channel is broadcasting Frank's every move.
Title: Snow Dogs | Genres: comedy, family, adventure | Overview: When a Miami dentist inherits a team of sled dogs, he's got to learn the trade or lose his pack to a crusty mountain man.
Title: Down Periscope | Genres: comedy | Overview: Bumbling Navy lieutenant Tom Dodge has been given one last chance to clean up his record. But Admiral Graham, his nemesis, assigns Dodge to the Stingray, a submarine that can barely keep afloat. To add insult to injury, the Stingray is to be the enemy flagship in the upcoming war games … and to make matters even worse, Dodge's crew is a band of idiots even more incompetent that he is!
Title: Tremors 2: Aftershocks | Genres: action, horror, comedy, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Those supersucking desert creatures are back --- and this time they're south of the border. As the creatures worm their way through the oil fields of Mexico, the only people who can wrangle them are veteran Earl Bassett and survivalist Burt Gummer. Add to that team a young punk out for cash and a fearless scientist, and the critters don't stand a chance.
Title: Sahara | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, drama, mystery | Overview: Scouring the ocean depths for treasure-laden shipwrecks is business as usual for a thrill-seeking underwater adventurer and his wisecracking buddy. But when these two cross paths with a beautiful doctor, they find themselves on the ultimate treasure hunt.
Title: The Night Comes for Us | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: After sparing a girl's life during a massacre, an elite Triad assassin is targeted by an onslaught of murderous gangsters.
Title: Marauders | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: An untraceable group of elite bank robbers is chased by a suicidal FBI agent who uncovers a deeper purpose behind the robbery-homicides.
Title: Needful Things | Genres: drama, horror | Overview: A mysterious new shop opens in a small town which always seems to stock the deepest desires of each shopper, with a price far heavier than expected.
Title: Wedding Crashers | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: John and his buddy, Jeremy are emotional criminals who know how to use a woman's hopes and dreams for their own carnal gain. Their modus operandi: crashing weddings. Normally, they meet guests who want to toast the romantic day with a random hook-up. But when John meets Claire, he discovers what true love – and heartache – feels like.
Title: The Great Gilly Hopkins | Genres: comedy, drama, family | Overview: Wisecracking, gum-chewing 12-year-old Gilly is well known in the foster system. Totally unmanageable, she has stayed with more families than she can remember and has outwitted them all. After all, how can she settle down when her real mother, the beautiful and glamourous Courtney, might be out there waiting for her? When Gilly is sent to live with the Trotters, the weirdest family yet, she isn’t planning to stick around. But cheerful, affectionate Maime Trotter isn’t giving up on Gilly just yet...
Title: The Nutcracker: The Untold Story | Genres: music, fantasy, action, family | Overview: Set in 1920s Vienna, this is the tale of a little girl, whose godfather gives her a special doll one Christmas Eve.
Title: Orbiter 9 | Genres: drama, science fiction, romance | Overview: Helena, a young woman on a deep space mission, has been alone for 20 years. Her parents abandoned ship after a technical malfunction made it impossible for all three of them to reach their intended destination. Alex, an isolated engineer, is about to enter her life and turn her world upside down.
Title: Theorem | Genres: mystery, drama | Overview: A wealthy Italian household is turned upside down when a handsome stranger arrives, seduces every family member and then disappears. Each has an epiphany of sorts, but none can figure out who the seductive visitor was or why he came.
Title: The Time Machine | Genres: thriller, adventure, fantasy, science fiction, romance | Overview: A Victorian Englishman travels to the far future and finds that humanity has divided into two hostile species.
Title: Eraser | Genres: action, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: U.S. Marshall John Kruger erases the identities of people enrolled in the Witness Protection Program. His current assignment is to protect Lee Cullen, who's uncovered evidence that the weapons manufacturer she works for has been selling to terrorist groups. When Kruger discovers that there's a corrupt agent within the program, he must guard his own life while trying to protect Lee's.
Title: Elvira, Mistress of the Dark | Genres: fantasy, horror, comedy | Overview: When her great aunt dies, famed horror hostess Elvira heads for the uptight new England town of Falwell to claim her inheritance of a haunted house, a witch's cookbook and a punk rock poodle. But once the stuffy locals get an eyeful of the scream queen's ample assets, all hell busts out & breaks loose.
Title: The Candy Witch | Genres: horror | Overview: Two ghost hunters are called upon a distressed family who claim they are being tormented by an evil spirit known in their local town as The Candy Witch. But as the mystery of her curse is uncovered, surprising and sinister turns are discovered around The Candy Witch's identity. Their hardest case yet, can they solve this evil curse before more people are killed by the demonic spirit?
Title: American Murder: The Family Next Door | Genres: documentary, mystery, crime | Overview: Using raw, firsthand footage, this documentary examines the disappearance of Shanann Watts and her children, and the terrible events that followed.
Title: Shriek If You Know What I Did Last Friday the Thirteenth | Genres: comedy | Overview: In this horror parody, a masked serial killer menaces the town of Bulimia Falls with various sharp objects. Attention-seeking television personality Hagitha Utslay is soon on the scene, reporting on the ever-growing body count. Former mall security guard Doughy shows up to protect the teenage population, but he's clearly not much help, allowing the murderer to pick off even more hapless kids as numerous scary movies are referenced.
Title: The Night Before | Genres: comedy, adventure, fantasy | Overview: In New York City for their annual tradition of Christmas Eve debauchery, three lifelong best friends set out to find the Holy Grail of Christmas parties since their yearly reunion might be coming to an end.
Title: Parental Guidance | Genres: comedy | Overview: Artie and Diane agree to look after their three grandkids when their type-A helicopter parents need to leave town for work. Problems arise when the kids' 21st-century behavior collides with Artie and Diane's old-school methods.
Title: The Iron Lady | Genres: history, drama | Overview: A look at the life of Margaret Thatcher, the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, with a focus on the price she paid for power.
Title: Oculus | Genres: horror | Overview: A woman tries to exonerate her brother's murder conviction by proving that the crime was committed by a supernatural phenomenon.
Title: Radhe Shyam | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Vikramaditya, a world-renowned palmist, believes love does not exist in his stars, until he meets Prerana. But when destiny tries to pull them apart, will love prevail?
Title: Dragged Across Concrete | Genres: crime, action, thriller | Overview: Two policemen, one an old-timer, the other his volatile younger partner, find themselves suspended when a video of their strong-arm tactics becomes the media's cause du jour. Low on cash and with no other options, these two embittered soldiers descend into the criminal underworld to gain their just due, but instead find far more than they wanted awaiting them in the shadows.
Title: The Replacement Killers | Genres: action, drama, crime, thriller, mystery | Overview: Hired assassin John Lee is asked by Chinatown crime boss Terence Wei to murder the young son of policeman Stan Zedkov. Lee has the boy in his sights, but his conscience gets the better of him, and he spares the child's life. Afraid that Wei will take revenge on his family in China, Lee seeks out expert forger Meg Coburn to obtain the passport he needs to get out of the country, but a band of replacement killers is soon on his trail.
Title: Straw Dogs | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: David Sumner, a mild-mannered academic from the United States, marries Amy, an Englishwoman. In order to escape a hectic stateside lifestyle, David and his wife relocate to the small town in rural Cornwall where Amy was raised. There, David is ostracized by the brutish men of the village, including Amy's old flame, Charlie. Eventually the taunts escalate, and two of the locals rape Amy. This sexual assault awakes a shockingly violent side of David.
Title: Sydney White | Genres: comedy | Overview: A modern retelling of Snow White set against students in their freshman year of college in the greek system.
Title: The Myth | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, drama, fantasy | Overview: When a fellow scientist asks for Jack's help in locating the mausoleum of China's first emperor, the past collides violently with the present as Jack discovers his amazing visions are based in fact.
Title: Maid in Manhattan | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Marisa Ventura is a struggling single mom who works at a posh Manhattan hotel and dreams of a better life for her and her young son. One fateful day, hotel guest and senatorial candidate Christopher Marshall meets Marisa and mistakes her for a wealthy socialite. After an enchanting evening together, the two fall madly in love. But when Marisa's true identity is revealed, issues of class and social status threaten to separate them. Can two people from very different worlds overcome their differences and live happily ever after?
Title: Sniper: Assassin's End | Genres: action | Overview: Special ops sniper Brandon Beckett and his legendary father look for a dark operative within the government, and take on Russian mercenaries and a yakuza-trained assassin.
Title: Los verduleros | Genres: comedy | Overview: The adventures of two friends, one a chicken vendor in a market and the other a policeman. They have love affairs and capture criminals.
Title: The Lawnmower Man | Genres: science fiction, horror | Overview: A simple man is turned into a genius through the application of computer science.
Title: Out Of The Clear Blue Sky | Genres: comedy, drama, music | Overview: Returning to Earth as an imitator, the legendary Mexican artist Pedro Infante must prove that he is no longer a womanizer to enter paradise.
Title: Commando 2 - The Black Money Trail | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: India's most wanted Black Money agent, Vicky Chaddha, gets arrested in Malaysia and is kept in a safe house by the Malaysian authorities, along with his wife. A team of four is being sent to Malaysia to bring them to India. Apart from the growth of inter-personal relationships, the mission has quite a few twists and turns on its way. The story follows Karan as he uses his brain and brawn to recover all of the laundered black money.
Title: Bad Country | Genres: drama, action, crime | Overview: When Baton Rouge police detective Bud Carter busts contract killer Jesse Weiland, he convinces Jesse to become an informant and rat out the South's most powerful crime ring.
Title: The Hills Run Red | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: A group of young horror fans go searching for a film that mysteriously vanished years ago but instead find that the demented killer from the movie is real, and he's thrilled to meet fans who will die gruesomely for his art.
Title: Animal House | Genres: comedy | Overview: At a 1962 College, Dean Vernon Wormer is determined to expel the entire Delta Tau Chi Fraternity, but those troublemakers have other plans for him.
Title: Quigley Down Under | Genres: western | Overview: American Matt Quigley answers Australian land baron Elliott Marston's ad for a sharpshooter to kill the dingoes on his property. But when Quigley finds out that Marston's real target is the aborigines, Quigley hits the road. Now, even American expatriate Crazy Cora can't keep Quigley safe in his cat-and-mouse game with the homicidal Marston.
"Title: Gamer | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Mind-control technology has taken society by a storm, a multiplayer on-line game called ""Slayers"" allows players to control human prisoners in mass-scale. Simon controls Kable, the online champion of the game. Kable's ultimate challenge becomes regaining his identity and independence by defeating the game's mastermind."
Title: Swiss Army Man | Genres: comedy, drama, romance, fantasy, adventure | Overview: Alone on a tiny deserted island, Hank has given up all hope of ever making it home again. But one day everything changes when a dead body washes ashore, and he soon realizes it may be his last opportunity to escape certain death. Armed with his new “friend” and an unusual bag of tricks, the duo go on an epic adventure to bring Hank back to the woman of his dreams.
Title: Orca | Genres: adventure, horror | Overview: After witnessing the killing of his mate and offspring at Captain Nolan's hands, a vengeful killer whale goes on a rampage in the fisherman's Newfoundland harbor. Under pressure from the villagers, Nolan, Rachel and Umilak sail after the great beast, who will meet them on its own turf.
Title: Trouble Every Day | Genres: drama, horror, romance | Overview: Shane and June Brown are an American couple honeymooning in Paris in an effort to nurture their new life together, a life complicated by Shane’s mysterious and frequent visits to a medical clinic where cutting edge studies of the human libido are undertaken.
Title: Fatman | Genres: action, comedy, fantasy | Overview: A rowdy, unorthodox Santa Claus is fighting to save his declining business. Meanwhile, Billy, a neglected and precocious 12 year old, hires a hit man to kill Santa after receiving a lump of coal in his stocking.
Title: The Extraordinary Adventures of Adèle Blanc-Sec | Genres: fantasy, adventure, action, mystery | Overview: An adventure set in the early part of the 20th century, focused on a popular novelist and her dealings with would-be suitors, the cops, monsters, and other distractions.
Title: Godzilla: Planet of the Monsters | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, animation | Overview: In the year 2048, the human race is forced to leave Earth after decades of losing against Godzilla and other giant monsters. They take a twenty-year journey to another planet called Tau Ceti-e, but upon arrival, they discover that the planet has become uninhabitable. As living conditions on their ship deteriorate, a young man named Haruo spearheads a movement to return to Earth and take it back from the monsters. The ship successfully makes the return voyage, but the crew realizes that twenty thousand years have passed, with Earth's ecosystem having evolved to become centered around Godzilla.
Title: Basic | Genres: action, drama, mystery, thriller, crime | Overview: A DEA agent investigates the disappearance of a legendary Army ranger drill sergeant and several of his cadets during a training exercise gone severely awry.
Title: Repo Men | Genres: action, science fiction, thriller, crime | Overview: In the future, medical technology has advanced to the point where people can buy artificial organs to extend their lives. But if they default on payments, an organization known as the Union sends agents to repossess the organs. Remy is one of the best agents in the business, but when he becomes the recipient of an artificial heart, he finds himself in the same dire straits as his many victims.
"Title: Tom and Jerry's Giant Adventure | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Tom And Jerry are among the last animals living in Storybook Town, a fairy tale-inspired theme park ""where dreams come true, if you believe."""
Title: Sweet Home Alabama | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: New York fashion designer, Melanie Carmichael suddenly finds herself engaged to the city's most eligible bachelor. But her past holds many secrets—including Jake, the redneck husband she married in high school, who refuses to divorce her. Bound and determined to end their contentious relationship once and for all, Melanie sneaks back home to Alabama to confront her past.
Title: DragonHeart: A New Beginning | Genres: fantasy, adventure | Overview: When Geoff, an orphaned stable boy (Chris Masterson), discovers Drake (voice of Robby Benson), the world's last living dragon, he realizes that his dream of becoming a knight in shining armor can now come true. Together, they soon face challenges that turn them into heroes. But caught up in the excitement of their new lives, Geoff and Drake fail to see the hidden dangers that surround them.
Title: The Seventh Seal | Genres: fantasy, drama | Overview: When disillusioned Swedish knight Antonius Block returns home from the Crusades to find his country in the grips of the Black Death, he challenges Death to a chess match for his life. Tormented by the belief that God does not exist, Block sets off on a journey, meeting up with traveling players Jof and his wife, Mia, and becoming determined to evade Death long enough to commit one redemptive act while he still lives.
Title: Scream: The Inside Story | Genres: documentary | Overview: In 1996, the horror master Wes Craven unleashed Scream, a slasher movie aimed at a whole new generation of teenage movie-goers.
Title: Can You Ever Forgive Me? | Genres: drama, crime, comedy | Overview: When a bestselling celebrity biographer is no longer able to get published because she has fallen out of step with current tastes, she turns her art form to deception.
"Title: Tom and Jerry Blast Off to Mars! | Genres: animation, family | Overview: While carrying on their usual hi-jinks, they inadvertantly stow-away on a spaceship bound for Mars. They meet up with the local Martian residents and cause them to invade the Earth, aided by the ""Invincitron"", a vacuum-wielding giant robot. Tom, Jerry and their Martian ally, Peep, save the day."
Title: It's Kind of a Funny Story | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A clinically depressed teenager gets a new start after he checks himself into an adult psychiatric ward.
Title: The Magdalene Sisters | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Four women are given into the custody of the Magdalene sisterhood asylum to correct their sinful behavior: Crispina and Rose have given birth to a premarital child, Margaret got raped by her cousin and the orphan Bernadette had been repeatedly caught flirting with the boys. All have to work in a laundry under the strict supervision of the nuns, who break their wills through sadistic punishment.
Title: Sleeping Beauty | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A haunting erotic fairytale about Lucy, a young University student drawn into a mysterious hidden world of beauty and desire.
Title: Hotsunlight | Genres: drama, war, action | Overview: Lugansk region, May 2014. The Novozhilov family, by chance, finds itself in the thick of events in Lugansk. Vlad Novozhilov is a former participant in the war in Afghanistan. He knows firsthand what war is. Having seen enough of the horrors of war in his time, in principle he does not even want to touch a weapon. In a situation, he sees only one way out - to leave the country. But you can't run away from the war, the border is already closed. To save his family, he will have to make difficult moral choices.
Title: Primal Fear | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: An arrogant, high-powered attorney takes on the case of a poor altar boy found running away from the scene of the grisly murder of the bishop who has taken him in. The case gets a lot more complex when the accused reveals that there may or may not have been a third person in the room. The intensity builds when a surprise twist alters everyone's perception of the crime.
Title: The Lover | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A poor French teenage girl engages in an illicit affair with a wealthy Chinese heir in 1920s Saigon. For the first time in her young life she has control, and she wields it deftly over her besotted lover throughout a series of clandestine meetings and torrid encounters.
"Title: My Girlfriend Is an Agent | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: Disguised as a travel agent, “Su-ji” is a government spy with six years’ experience who can’t reveal her career to her boyfriend “Jae-joon.” After she lies again, her boyfriend breaks up with her and leaves without notice, leaving her struggling alone with her sadness. Three years later, while chasing an industrial spy in disguise as a cleaning lady, she happens to run into Jae-joon. He’s become an international certified accountant, and seeing him throws her feelings into doubt.Lying is part of the job, secrecy is the name of the game in ""My Girlfriend is an Agent""."
Title: Maggie Simpson in Playdate with Destiny | Genres: animation, comedy, family, romance | Overview: It seemed like just another day at the park for Maggie Simpson. But when Maggie faces playground peril, a heroic young baby whisks her from danger and steals her heart.
Title: Aztech | Genres: science fiction, fantasy, horror | Overview: Fragments of a meteor crash in Mexico and United States. Thirteen stories in different spaces and times happen in places of collisions .
Title: Miranda | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Miranda is a sensual tavern owner with a taste for men of all types. Over a year's time, Miranda copes with the death of her husband by enjoying the talents of a different lover for each of the four seasons. All the men are delightful, but which one is the best lover, and who will make a suitable husband?
Title: Fatal Attraction | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A married man's one night stand comes back to haunt him when that lover begins to stalk him and his family.
Title: Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Bridget Jones is becoming uncomfortable in her relationship with Mark Darcy. Apart from discovering that he's a conservative voter, she has to deal with a new boss, a strange contractor and the worst vacation of her life.
Title: The Outlaw Josey Wales | Genres: western | Overview: After avenging his family's brutal murder, Wales is pursued by a pack of soldiers. He prefers to travel alone, but ragtag outcasts are drawn to him - and Wales can't bring himself to leave them unprotected.
Title: Peter's To-Do List | Genres: science fiction, comedy | Overview: On the eve of his departure to Europe, Peter Parker tells Ned Leeds that he has several things to do before they leave.
Title: 20th Century Women | Genres: drama | Overview: In 1979 Santa Barbara, California, Dorothea Fields is a determined single mother in her mid-50s who is raising her adolescent son, Jamie, at a moment brimming with cultural change and rebellion. Dorothea enlists the help of two younger women – Abbie, a free-spirited punk artist living as a boarder in the Fields' home and Julie, a savvy and provocative teenage neighbour – to help with Jamie's upbringing.
Title: Revolt | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: The story of humankind's last stand against a cataclysmic alien invasion. Set in the war-ravaged African countryside, a U.S. soldier and a French foreign aid worker team up to survive the alien onslaught. Their bond will be tested as they search for refuge across a crumbling world.
Title: Red Sonja | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: The tyrant Gedren seeks the total power in a world of barbarism. She raids the city Hablac and kills the keeper of a talisman that gives her great power. Red Sonja, sister of the keeper, sets out with her magic sword to overthrow Gedren.
Title: Running with the Devil | Genres: action | Overview: A leader of a drug cartel sends his two toughest henchmen to investigate why a shipment was botched.
"Title: 40 Years of Rocky: The Birth of a Classic | Genres: documentary | Overview: Sylvester Stallone and John G. Avildsen narrate behind-the-scenes footage from the making of ""Rocky"" to mark the film's 40th anniversary."
Title: Backdraft | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Firemen brothers Brian and Stephen McCaffrey battle each other over past slights while trying to stop an arsonist with a diabolical agenda from torching Chicago.
Title: The Adventures of Robin Hood | Genres: adventure, action, romance | Overview: Robin Hood fights nobly for justice against the evil Sir Guy of Gisbourne while striving to win the hand of the beautiful Maid Marian.
Title: Above the Law | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Nico Toscani is an Italian immigrant, American patriot, ex-CIA agent, aikido specialist and unorthodox Chicago policeman. He is as committed to his job as he is to his personalized brand of justice—expert and thorough bone-crushing.
Title: Berserk: The Golden Age Arc I - The Egg of the King | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, animation | Overview: Guts, an immensely strong sword-for-hire, has little direction in his life, simply fighting one battle after the next. However, this all changes suddenly when he meets and is bested by Griffith, a beautiful and charismatic young man who leads the Band of the Hawk mercenary army. After Guts joins the Band and the relationship between the two men begins to blossom, Casca, the tough, lone swordswoman in the Band of the Hawk, struggles to accept Guts and the influence he has on the world around her. While the two men begin to fight together, Griffith continues to rise to power, all seemingly in order to reach his mysterious, prophesied goals. What lengths will Guts and Griffith go to in order to reach these goals, and where will fate take the two men?
Title: Scooby-Doo! and the Legend of the Vampire | Genres: family, animation, comedy, fantasy, music, mystery | Overview: The Yowie Yahoo starts kidnapping musicians at a concert attended by Scooby and the gang in Vampire Rock, Australia.
Title: 16 Blocks | Genres: action, adventure, crime, thriller | Overview: An aging cop is assigned the ordinary task of escorting a fast-talking witness from police custody to a courthouse, but they find themselves running the gauntlet as other forces try to prevent them from getting there.
Title: Chef | Genres: comedy | Overview: When Chef Carl Casper suddenly quits his job at a prominent Los Angeles restaurant after refusing to compromise his creative integrity for its controlling owner, he is left to figure out what's next. Finding himself in Miami, he teams up with his ex-wife, his friend and his son to launch a food truck. Taking to the road, Chef Carl goes back to his roots to reignite his passion for the kitchen -- and zest for life and love.
Title: Juan Luis Guerra 4.40: Entre Mar y Palmeras | Genres: music | Overview: The renowned Dominican composer, musician, producer, and singer Juan Luis Guerra offers a historic concert from the beautiful and lush beaches of Miches, located in the eastern region of the Dominican Republic.
Title: Steamboy | Genres: animation, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: After receiving a package from his grandfather, Ray, a young inventor who lives in England during the mid-19th century, finds himself caught in the middle of a deadly conflict related to a revolutionary advance in steam power.
Title: Big Eyes | Genres: drama | Overview: The story of the awakening of painter, Margaret Keane, her phenomenal success in the 1950s, and the subsequent legal difficulties she had with her husband, who claimed credit for her works in the 1960s.
Title: Queen of Hearts | Genres: drama | Overview: Anne, a brilliant and dedicated advocacy lawyer specialising in society’s most vulnerable, children and young adults, lives what appears to be the picture-perfect life with her doctor-husband, Peter, and their twin daughters. When her estranged teenage stepson, Gustav, moves in with them, Anne’s escalating desire leads her down a dangerous rabbit hole which, once exposed, unleashes a sequence of events destined to destroy her world.
Title: My Cousin Rachel | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A young Englishman plots revenge against his mysterious, beautiful cousin, believing that she murdered his guardian. But his feelings become complicated as he finds himself falling under the beguiling spell of her charms.
Title: Alpha Dog | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Johnny Truelove likes to see himself as tough. He's the son of an underworld figure and a drug dealer. Johnny also likes to get tough when things don't go his way. When Jake Mazursky fails to pay up for Johnny, things get worse for the Mazursky family, as Johnny and his 'gang' kidnap Jake's 15 year old brother and holds him hostage. Problem now is what to do with 'stolen boy?'
Title: Sky High | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: A commentary on Spanish society dressed as a thriller about the misadventures of a gang of young petty criminals after the real estate crash.
Title: Crazy About Work | Genres: comedy | Overview: Alicia is a workaholic executive who suddenly loses her job and her family. In her process of rebuilding, she associates with a neighbor and helps her in her business. This is how she manages to be the most successful businesswoman in the country. During this process, she tries to reconquer her husband, only to realize that in order to return with him, she will have to learn to balance work and family life.
Title: Under the Skin | Genres: thriller, science fiction, drama | Overview: A seductive alien prowls the streets of Glasgow in search of prey: unsuspecting men who fall under her spell.
Title: Cinema Paradiso | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A filmmaker recalls his childhood, when he fell in love with the movies at his village's theater and formed a deep friendship with the theater's projectionist.
"Title: La Bamba | Genres: drama, music | Overview: Los Angeles teenager Ritchie Valens becomes an overnight rock 'n' roll success in 1958, thanks to a love ballad called ""Donna"" that he wrote for his girlfriend. But as his star rises, Valens has conflicts with his jealous brother, Bob, and becomes haunted by a recurring nightmare of a plane crash just as he begins his first national tour alongside Buddy Holly."
Title: Mad Money | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: Three female employees of the Federal Reserve plot to steal money that is about to be destroyed.
Title: Fun with Dick and Jane | Genres: comedy | Overview: After Dick Harper loses his job at Globodyne in an Enron-esque collapse, he and his wife, Jane, turn to crime in order to handle the massive debt they now face. Two intelligent people, Dick and Jane actually get pretty good at robbing people and even enjoy it -- but they have second thoughts when they're reminded that crime can hurt innocent people. When the couple hears that Globodyne boss Jack McCallister actually swindled the company, they plot revenge.
Title: Winners & Sinners | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, crime | Overview: Five friends are released from prison and do their best to stay out trouble. While trying to mind their own business (and run their 5-Star Cleaning Service), they are caught up in a war between rival Triad gangs fighting for control of the counterfeit currency market.
"Title: Wayne's World 2 | Genres: comedy, music | Overview: A message from Jim Morrison in a dream prompts cable access TV stars Wayne and Garth to put on a rock concert, ""Waynestock,"" with Aerosmith as headliners. But amid the preparations, Wayne frets that a record producer is putting the moves on his girlfriend, Cassandra, while Garth handles the advances of mega-babe Honey Hornee."
Title: Mr. Deeds | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: When Longfellow Deeds, a small-town pizzeria owner and poet, inherits $40 billion from his deceased uncle, he quickly begins rolling in a different kind of dough. Moving to the big city, Deeds finds himself besieged by opportunists all gunning for their piece of the pie. Babe, a television tabloid reporter, poses as an innocent small-town girl to do an exposé on Deeds.
"Title: Takers | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A seasoned team of bank robbers, including Gordon Jennings (Idris Elba), John Rahway (Paul Walker), A.J. (Hayden Christensen), and brothers Jake (Michael Ealy) and Jesse Attica (Chris Brown) successfully complete their latest heist and lead a life of luxury while planning their next job. When Ghost (Tip T.I. Harris), a former member of their team, is released from prison he convinces the group to strike an armored car carrying $20 million. As the ""Takers"" carefully plot out their strategy and draw nearer to exacting the grand heist, a reckless police officer (Matt Dillon) inches closer to apprehending the criminals."
Title: Meet Dave | Genres: comedy, science fiction, adventure, family | Overview: A crew of miniature aliens operate a spaceship that has a human form. While trying to save their planet, the aliens encounter a new problem, as their ship becomes smitten with an Earth woman.
Title: Pineapple Express | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: A stoner and his dealer are forced to go on the run from the police after the pothead witnesses a cop commit a murder.
Title: Scooby-Doo! and the Samurai Sword | Genres: family, mystery, animation, comedy, action, fantasy | Overview: The Mystery Inc. gang takes a trip to Japan and finds themselves circling Asia and the Pacific in a treasure hunt, racing against the vengeful Black Samurai and his Ninja warriors to find the legendary Sword of Fate, an ancient blade fabled to possess extraordinary supernatural powers.
Title: Amateur Night | Genres: comedy | Overview: Guy Carter, an insecure expectant father unable to find work in his field, accepts a job driving hookers around Los Angeles. One long and crazy evening proves to our hero that he is, in fact, up to the task of fatherhood.
Title: Kramer vs. Kramer | Genres: drama | Overview: Ted Kramer is a career man for whom his work comes before his family. His wife Joanna cannot take this anymore, so she decides to leave him. Ted is now faced with the tasks of housekeeping and taking care of himself and their young son Billy.
Title: The Mermaid: Lake of the Dead | Genres: horror, fantasy, romance | Overview: An evil Mermaid falls in love with Marina's fiancé Roman and aims to keep him away from Marina in her Kingdom of Death under water. The Mermaid is a young woman who drowned a few centuries ago. Marina only has one week to overcome her fear of the dark water, to remain human in the deathly fight with the monsters and not to become one herself.
Title: Mostly Ghostly 3: One Night in Doom House | Genres: family, fantasy, horror | Overview: Just one enchanted jewel stands between earth and an army of evil spirits led by the devious ghoul, Phears. With the help of his new girlfriend and ghost pals, Max Doyle races to find the crystal and save the world.
Title: Tokyo Godfathers | Genres: animation, drama | Overview: During a Christmas Eve in Tokyo, three homeless people, middle-aged alcoholic Gin, former drag queen Hana, and dependent runaway girl Miyuki, discover an abandoned newborn while looking through the garbage. With only a handful of clues to the baby's identity, the three misfits search the city to find its parents.
Title: Invasion of the Body Snatchers | Genres: horror, mystery, science fiction | Overview: Matthew Bennell notices that several of his friends are complaining that their close relatives are in some way different. When questioned later they themselves seem changed, as they deny everything or make lame excuses. As the invaders increase in number they become more open and Bennell, who has by now witnessed an attempted 'replacement', realises that he and his friends must escape or suffer the same fate.
Title: Mac & Devin Go to High School | Genres: comedy | Overview: A comedy that follows two high school students -- one overachiever struggling to write his valedictorian speech, the other a senior now going on his 15th year of school.
Title: The Substitute | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: After he did some jobs for CIA, ex-marine John Shale is visiting his high school love Jane. She's now a teacher in Columbus High School in Miami. Soon after his arriving Jane has her knee cap broken while jogging. After that, John decides to go undercover as her substitute in high school. Very soon he finds out that gang named Kings of Destruction are terrorizing the school.
Title: The 12th Man | Genres: war, drama | Overview: After a failed anti-Nazi sabotage mission leaves his eleven comrades dead, a Norwegian resistance fighter finds himself fleeing the Gestapo through the snowbound reaches of Scandinavia.
Title: The Long, Hot Summer | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Ben Quick arrives in Frenchman's Bend, MS after being kicked out of another town for allegedly burning a barn for revenge. Will Varner owns just about everything in Frenchman's Bend and he hires Ben to work in his store. Will thinks his own son, Jody, who manages the store, lacks ambition and despairs him getting his wife, Eula, pregnant. Will thinks his daughter, Clara, a schoolteacher, will never get married. He decides that Ben Quick might make a good husband for Clara to bring some new blood into the family.
Title: The Viking War | Genres: history, fantasy, drama | Overview: Ingrid and her siblings are on the run from the Beserkers who have begun invading the villages, taking over, savagely using the residents on a game where they vs a Beserker, and if they win, they get to survive - only, no one ever wins. The siblings are trying to escape the Beserkers after they violently murdered and took over their town. However, the Beserkers are on their trail, and want to put them in the game.
Title: Bounty Hunters | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, drama | Overview: Lee Shan and Ayo are ex-Interpol agents who are now bounty hunters, chasing fugitives for cash rewards. When the two of them are framed for a hotel-bombing, they join hands with a legendary bounty hunter named Cat, along with her teammates, to find the real bomber.
Title: Amityville: The Awakening | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: Belle, her little sister, and her comatose twin brother move into a new house with their single mother Joan in order to save money to help pay for her brother's expensive healthcare. But when strange phenomena begin to occur in the house including the miraculous recovery of her brother, Belle begins to suspect her Mother isn't telling her everything and soon realizes they just moved into the infamous Amityville house.
Title: Vice | Genres: drama, history, comedy | Overview: George W. Bush picks Dick Cheney, the CEO of Halliburton Co., to be his Republican running mate in the 2000 presidential election. No stranger to politics, Cheney's impressive résumé includes stints as White House chief of staff, House Minority Whip and Defense Secretary. When Bush wins by a narrow margin, Cheney begins to use his newfound power to help reshape the country and the world.
Title: Gridiron Gang | Genres: drama, action, crime | Overview: Teenagers at a juvenile detention center, under the leadership of their counselor, gain self-esteem by playing football together.
Title: Scooby-Doo! and WWE: Curse of the Speed Demon | Genres: family, animation, comedy, mystery | Overview: When Scooby and Mystery Inc. visit an off-road racing competition, it's not long before strange events start to occur. A mysterious phantom racer, known only as Inferno, is causing chaos and is determined to sabotage the race. It's up to Scooby-Doo, Shaggy and their new driving partner, The Undertaker, to save the race and solve the mystery.
Title: The 33D Invader | Genres: comedy, science fiction | Overview: A young woman named Future is sent from the year 2046 to the year 2011 in Hong Kong. Future was sent by the United Nations in order to get pregnant, where she can then extract her genes and repopulate the earth as 99% of males have become infertile in the future due to attacks from Planet Xucker. Two assassins from Xuckler are sent after her to stop her. Future meets three University students: Felix, Dan-san and Sing. The men are obsessed with female students next door: Chin-chin, Chen-chen and Sai-sai. The students agree to help Future find a mate at the university.
Title: The Book Thief | Genres: drama | Overview: While subjected to the horrors of WWII Germany, young Liesel finds solace by stealing books and sharing them with others. Under the stairs in her home, a Jewish refugee is being sheltered by her adoptive parents.
Title: Crossroads | Genres: drama, music, mystery, romance | Overview: A wanna-be blues guitar virtuoso seeks a long-lost song by legendary musician, Robert Johnson.
Title: Dear Zindagi | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: An unconventional thinker helps a budding cinematographer gain a new perspective on life.
Title: White Fang | Genres: action, adventure, drama, family | Overview: Jack London's classic adventure story about the friendship developed between a Yukon gold hunter and the mixed dog-wolf he rescues from the hands of a man who mistreats him.
Title: The Santa Clause | Genres: fantasy, drama, comedy, family | Overview: Scott Calvin is an ordinary man, who accidentally causes Santa Claus to fall from his roof on Christmas Eve and is knocked unconscious. When he and his young son finish Santa's trip and deliveries, they go to the North Pole, where Scott learns he must become the new Santa and convince those he loves that he is indeed, Father Christmas.
Title: How the West Was Won | Genres: western | Overview: The epic tale of the development of the American West from the 1830s through the Civil War to the end of the century, as seen through the eyes of one pioneer family.
Title: The Replacements | Genres: comedy | Overview: Maverick old-guard coach Jimmy McGinty is hired in the wake of a players' strike to help the Washington Sentinels advance to the playoffs. But that impossible dream hinges on whether his replacements can hunker down and do the job. So, McGinty dusts off his secret dossier of ex-players who never got a chance (or screwed up the one they were given) and knits together a bad-dream team of guys who just may give the Sentinels their title shot.
Title: The Jungle Bunch | Genres: adventure, comedy, family, animation | Overview: Maurice may look like a penguin - but he's a real tiger inside! Raised by a tigress, he's the clumsiest kung-fu master ever. Along with his friends, The Jungle Bunch, he intends to maintain order and justice in the jungle, as his mother did before he. But Igor, an evil koala, wants to destroy the jungle once and for all—helped by his army of silly baboons.
Title: Cocoon | Genres: comedy, drama, science fiction | Overview: When a group of trespassing seniors swim in a pool containing alien cocoons, they find themselves energized with youthful vigor.
Title: Fate/stay night: Heaven's Feel II. Lost Butterfly | Genres: animation, action, fantasy, drama, romance | Overview: The Fifth Holy Grail War continues, and the ensuing chaos results in higher stakes for all participants. Shirou Emiya continues to participate in the war, aspiring to be a hero of justice who saves everyone. He sets out in search of the truth behind a mysterious dark shadow and its murder spree, determined to defeat it. Meanwhile, Shinji Matou sets his own plans into motion, threatening Shirou through his sister Sakura Matou. Shirou and Rin Tohsaka battle Shinji, hoping to relieve Sakura from the abuses of her brother. But the ugly truth of the Matou siblings begins to surface, and many dark secrets are exposed.
Title: Exposed | Genres: drama, crime, thriller, mystery | Overview: After witnessing a miracle, a young Latina woman experiences strange things as a police detective searches for the truth behind his partner's death.
Title: The Curse of the Werewolf | Genres: horror | Overview: A child conceived after a demented beggar rapes a mute servant girl is raised by a wealthy but kindly bachelor gentleman and his woman servant who learn, years later, that he is a werewolf. His only chance for normalcy is to find a woman who will love him for himself, which will release him from the curse.
Title: The Electrical Life of Louis Wain | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The extraordinary true story of eccentric British artist Louis Wain, whose playful, sometimes even psychedelic pictures helped to transform the public's perception of cats forever.
Title: Digimon Adventure | Genres: animation, adventure | Overview: Two children receive a strange egg that hatches into their very first Digimon, leading to the night that would change their lives forever.
Title: From Beijing with Love | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: After a giant dinosaur skull is stolen, the head of the Chinese secret police decides to assign the case to the force's most incompetent reject: a rural butcher who stands around all day drinking martinis (shaken, not stirred). With a trunkload of insanely useless gadgets and a contact who constantly tries to kill him, the young agent must locate the skull and find out just what is going on here.
Title: Eastern Promises | Genres: thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: A Russian teenager, living in London, dies during childbirth but leaves clues to a midwife in her journal, that could tie her child to a rape involving a violent Russian mob family.
Title: The Florida Project | Genres: drama | Overview: The story of a precocious six year-old and her ragtag group of friends whose summer break is filled with childhood wonder, possibility and a sense of adventure while the adults around them struggle with hard times.
Title: Wild Strawberries | Genres: drama | Overview: Crotchety retired doctor Isak Borg travels from Stockholm to Lund, Sweden, with his pregnant and unhappy daughter-in-law, Marianne, in order to receive an honorary degree from his alma mater. Along the way, they encounter a series of hitchhikers, each of whom causes the elderly doctor to muse upon the pleasures and failures of his own life. These include the vivacious young Sara, a dead ringer for the doctor's own first love.
Title: The Jurassic Games | Genres: science fiction | Overview: In the near future, 10 death row convicts are forced to compete in a virtual reality game that pits them against dinosaurs and each other.
Title: La Grande Vadrouille | Genres: comedy, war | Overview: During World War II, two French civilians and a downed British Bomber Crew set out from Paris to cross the demarcation line between Nazi-occupied Northern France and the South. From there they will be able to escape to England. First, they must avoid German troops - and the consequences of their own blunders.
Title: A Frozen Flower | Genres: drama | Overview: A historical drama set in the Koryo dynasty and focused on the relationship between a king and his bodyguard. Under the dominance of Yuan Dynasty China, the king of Goryeo Dynasty Korea is pressured to produce a successor to the throne. Unable to make love to his queen because he is in love with his bodyguard, Hong Lim, the king asks the two of them to sleep together instead. This sexual contact formulates a forbidden love between Hong Lim and the Queen.
Title: Work It | Genres: comedy, music | Overview: A brilliant but clumsy high school senior vows to get into her late father's alma mater by transforming herself and a misfit squad into dance champions.
Title: Chestnut: Hero of Central Park | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: Ray and Sal, two orphaned sisters, adopt and hide a Great Dane puppy from their two adopted parents living in a luxury downtown New York apartment that expressely forbids dogs.
Title: The Color Purple | Genres: drama | Overview: An epic tale spanning forty years in the life of Celie, an African-American woman living in the South who survives incredible abuse and bigotry. After Celie's abusive father marries her off to the equally debasing 'Mister' Albert Johnson, things go from bad to worse, leaving Celie to find companionship anywhere she can. She perseveres, holding on to her dream of one day being reunited with her sister in Africa.
Title: Music | Genres: music, drama | Overview: Zu, a free spirit estranged from her family, suddenly finds herself the sole guardian of her half-sister, Music, a teenager on the autism spectrum whose whole world order has been beautifully crafted by her late grandmother. The film soon challenges whether it is Zu or Music who has a better view of the world, and that love, trust, and being able to be there for each other is everything.
Title: The Nice Guys | Genres: comedy, crime, action | Overview: A private eye investigates the apparent suicide of a fading porn star in 1970s Los Angeles and uncovers a conspiracy.
Title: Rock of Ages | Genres: comedy, drama, music, romance | Overview: A small town girl and a city boy meet on the Sunset Strip, while pursuing their Hollywood dreams.
Title: Ali | Genres: drama | Overview: In 1964, a brash, new pro boxer, fresh from his Olympic gold medal victory, explodes onto the scene: Cassius Clay. Bold and outspoken, he cuts an entirely new image for African Americans in sport with his proud public self-confidence and his unapologetic belief that he is the greatest boxer of all time. Yet at the top of his game, both Ali's personal and professional lives face the ultimate test.
Title: Ronin | Genres: action, thriller, crime, adventure | Overview: A briefcase with undisclosed contents – sought by Irish terrorists and the Russian mob – makes its way into criminals' hands. An Irish liaison assembles a squad of mercenaries, or 'ronin', and gives them the thorny task of recovering the case.
Title: Astro Kid | Genres: animation, comedy, adventure, family | Overview: Upon the destruction of their ship, Willy is separated from his parents. He lands on a wild and unexplored planet and with the help of Buck, a survival robot, he will have to hold until the arrival of a rescue mission.
Title: Red Nose Day Actually | Genres: tv movie, comedy, romance | Overview: Fourteen years after the events of the first film, a series of encounters between people in Britain reminds us that in these different times Love, actually exists.
Title: Faces Places | Genres: documentary | Overview: Director Agnès Varda and photographer/muralist JR journey through rural France and form an unlikely friendship.
Title: Brother | Genres: drama, crime, music | Overview: Danila goes to his successful brother, Victor, in Petersburg to start a new life. Unknown to Danila, Victor is an contract killer, but is in hiding after asking for too much money to assassinate a Chechen mob boss. To avoid exposure, Victor convinces Danila to kill him instead.
"Title: George of the Jungle 2 | Genres: adventure, comedy, family | Overview: George and Ursula now have a son, George Junior, so Ursula's mother arrives to try and take them back to ""civilization""."
Title: Timmy Failure: Mistakes Were Made | Genres: family, mystery, comedy, fantasy | Overview: An 11-year old boy believes that he is the best detective in town and runs the agency Total Failures with his best friend, an imaginary 1,200 pound polar bear.
Title: Monster Hunter: Legends of the Guild | Genres: animation, adventure, action, fantasy | Overview: In a world where humans and fearsome monsters live in an uneasy balance, young hunter Aiden fights to save his village from destruction by a dragon.
Title: The Perfect Storm | Genres: action, adventure, drama, thriller | Overview: In October 1991, a confluence of weather conditions combined to form a killer storm in the North Atlantic. Caught in the storm was the sword-fishing boat Andrea Gail. Magnificent foreshadowing and anticipation fill this true-life drama while minute details of the fishing boats, their gear and the weather are juxtaposed with the sea adventure.
Title: Lemonade Mouth | Genres: drama, comedy, tv movie | Overview: The story follows five disparate high school students - Olivia, Mo, Charlie, Stella, and Wen who meet in detention. They realize they are destined to rock, and ultimately form a band that becomes a champion for students sidelined by the high school elite.
Title: Vengeance: A Love Story | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: When a new friend is brutally assaulted, Detective John Droomor is put by chance in charge of the investigation. Although the evidence against the perpetrators seems overwhelming, there is nothing definitive in the case that guarantees justice is served, even more so if some people are willing to twist and betray it.
Title: The Legion | Genres: adventure, history, action | Overview: Noreno, a half-Roman, is entrusted with the mission of crossing the snowy mountains of Armenia, swarming with Parthian patrols, to seek help for his slowly dying men.
Title: Priceless | Genres: drama, romance, crime | Overview: James, down on his luck and desperate for some quick cash, agrees to drive a small truck across country. He soon realizes that he's made a huge mistake and has inadvertently become involved in a dangerous human trafficking ring. The unlikely hero risks it all to shut down the trafficking ring and save the woman he is falling in love with.
Title: Strange Magic | Genres: music, animation, family, fantasy | Overview: A love potion works its devious charms on fairies, elves and the swamp-dwelling Bog King as they all try to possess the potion for themselves.
"Title: Stay Alive | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: After the mysterious, brutal death of an old friend, a group of teenagers find themselves in possession of ""Stay Alive,"" an ultra-realistic 3-D videogame based on the spine-chilling true story of a 17th century noblewoman, known as ""The Blood Countess."" The gamers don't know anything about the game other than they're not supposed to have it... and they're dying to play it. Not able to resist temptation, the kids begin to play the grisly game but soon make a chilling connection -- they are each being murdered one-by-one in the same way as the characters they played in the game. As the line between the game world and the real world disappears, the teens must find a way to defeat the vicious and merciless Blood Countess, all the while trying to... stay alive."
Title: Kung Pow: Enter the Fist | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: A movie within a movie, created to spoof the martial arts genre. Writer/director Steve Oedekerk uses contemporary characters and splices them into a 1970s kung-fu film, weaving the new and old together. As the main character, The Chosen One, Oedekerk sets off to avenge the deaths of his parents at the hands of kung-fu legend Master Pain. Along the way he encounters some strange characters.
Title: Invictus | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Newly elected President Nelson Mandela knows his nation remains racially and economically divided in the wake of apartheid. Believing he can bring his people together through the universal language of sport, Mandela rallies South Africa's rugby team as they make their historic run to the 1995 Rugby World Cup Championship match.
"Title: Starsky & Hutch | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Join uptight David Starsky and laid-back Ken ""Hutch"" Hutchinson as they're paired for the first time as undercover cops. The new partners must overcome their differences to solve an important case with help from street informant Huggy Bear and persuasive criminal Reese Feldman."
Title: Norm of the North | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: Polar bear Norm and his three Arctic lemming buddies are forced out into the world once their icy home begins melting and breaking apart. Landing in New York, Norm begins life anew as a performing corporate mascot, only to discover that his new employers are directly responsible for the destruction of his polar home.
Title: Mickey's Christmas Carol | Genres: family, animation | Overview: Ebenezer Scrooge is far too greedy to understand that Christmas is a time for kindness and generosity. But with the guidance of some new found friends, Scrooge learns to embrace the spirit of the season. A retelling of the classic Dickens tale with Disney's classic characters.
Title: An Ordinary Man | Genres: action, drama, war | Overview: A war criminal in hiding forms a relationship with his only connection to the outside world - his maid.
Title: Monster High: Haunted | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: Lurk what's waiting for the Monster High ghouls when they bring their killer fashion to the howlways of the spooktacular Haunted High! When the ghouls of Monster High follow Spectra Vondergeist one day, they discover a creeperiffic Ghost World with an all-spirit school. But their scary-cute student bodies are hardly welcome with the very strict Principal Revenant, and she punishes Spectra with frightful detention chains that prevent her from re-joining Monster High. Now, it's up to the imperfectly perfect friends to take on ghostly forms in order to save one of their own from disappearing forever!
Title: The 15:17 to Paris | Genres: thriller, history, drama | Overview: In August 2015, an ISIS terrorist boarded train #9364 from Brussels to Paris. Armed with an AK-47 and enough ammo to kill more than 500 people, the terrorist might have succeeded except for three American friends who refused to give in to fear. One was a college student, one was a martial arts enthusiast and airman first class in the U.S. Air Force, and the other was a member of the Oregon National Guard, and all three pals proved fearless as they charged and ultimately overpowered the gunman after he emerged from a bathroom armed and ready to kill.
Title: Possessor Uncut | Genres: horror, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Tasya Vos, an elite corporate assassin, uses brain-implant technology to take control of other people’s bodies to terminate high profile targets. As she sinks deeper into her latest assignment, Vos becomes trapped inside a mind that threatens to obliterate her.
"Title: Windtalkers | Genres: war, drama, action, history | Overview: Joe Enders is a gung-ho Marine assigned to protect a ""windtalker"" - one of several Navajo Indians who were used to relay messages during World War II because their spoken language was indecipherable to Japanese code breakers."
Title: Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny | Genres: comedy, music | Overview: In Venice Beach, naive Midwesterner JB bonds with local slacker KG and they form the rock band Tenacious D. Setting out to become the world's greatest band is no easy feat, so they set out to steal what could be the answer to their prayers... a magical guitar pick housed in a rock-and-roll museum some 300 miles away.
Title: Hamilton | Genres: history, drama | Overview: Presenting the tale of American founding father Alexander Hamilton, this filmed version of the original Broadway smash hit is the story of America then, told by America now.
Title: White Girl | Genres: drama | Overview: Summer, New York City. A college girl falls hard for a guy she just met. After a night of partying goes wrong, she goes to wild extremes to get him back.
Title: Big Daddy | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A lazy law school grad adopts a kid to impress his girlfriend, but everything doesn't go as planned and he becomes the unlikely foster father.
Title: Starship Troopers 3: Marauder | Genres: adventure, science fiction, action | Overview: The war against the Bugs continues! A Federation Starship crash-lands on the distant Alien planet OM-1, stranding beloved leader Sky Marshal Anoke and several others, including comely but tough pilot Lola Beck. It's up to Colonel/General Johnny Rico, reluctant hero of the original Bug Invasion on Planet P, to lead a team of Troopers on a daring rescue mission.
Title: The Front Runner | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Gary Hart, former Senator of Colorado, becomes the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1987. Hart's intelligence, charisma and idealism makes him popular with young voters, leaving him with a seemingly clear path to the White House. All that comes crashing down when allegations of an extramarital affair surface in the media, forcing the candidate to address a scandal that threatens to derail his campaign and personal life.
Title: Madea's Witness Protection | Genres: drama, comedy, crime | Overview: For years, mild-mannered Wall Street banker George Needleman has meandered through life oblivious to his family's dysfunction and his company's malfeasance, but he's forced to wake up when he learns that he's been framed in a mob-backed Ponzi scheme. Placed under federal protection, George and his family are shipped down South to Madea's house, where the no-nonsense matriarch whips them all into shape using her special brand of tough love.
Title: First Cow | Genres: drama, western | Overview: A taciturn loner and skilled cook has traveled west and joined a group of fur trappers in Oregon Territory, though he only finds true connection with a Chinese immigrant also seeking his fortune. Soon, the two collaborate on a successful business, although its longevity is reliant upon the clandestine participation of a nearby wealthy landowner’s prized milking cow.
Title: The Picture of Dorian Gray | Genres: drama, fantasy, thriller, horror | Overview: Posing for a portrait, Dorian Gray talks with Lord Henry Wotton, who says that men should pursue their sensual longings, but laments that only the young get to do so. Taken with the idea, Dorian imagines a scenario in which the painting will age as he stays youthful. His wish comes true, and his boyish looks aid him as he indulges his every whim. But when a stunning revelation forces him to see what he's become, Dorian faces some very dangerous questions.
Title: Zoom | Genres: family, comedy, adventure, action, science fiction | Overview: Jack Shepard is an out-of-shape auto shop owner, far removed from the man who once protected the world's freedom. Reluctantly called back into action by the government, Jack is tasked with turning a ragtag group of kids with special powers into a new generation of superheroes to save the world from certain destruction.
"Title: Haunt | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: On Halloween, a group of friends encounter an ""extreme"" haunted house that promises to feed on their darkest fears. The night turns deadly as they come to the horrifying realization that some nightmares are real."
Title: Angel Heart | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: Down-and-out private detective Harry Angel is ordered by the mysterious Louis Cyphre to go on a mission to find a missing person. His routine failure soon leads to a bloody spar with himself, as he goes on a supernatural journey into his own soul.
Title: Rocco | Genres: documentary | Overview: Rocco Siffredi is to pornography what Mike Tyson is to boxing or Mick Jagger is to rock’n’roll: a living legend. His mother wanted him to be a priest; with her blessing he became a hardcore performer, devoting his life to one God only: Desire. Rocco Siffredi reveals all, even if it sometimes means busting his own myth: his true story, beginnings, career, wife and children… and the ultimate revelation that will change his life forever.
Title: Luis and the Aliens | Genres: animation, family | Overview: The story 11-year-old Luis who makes friends with three loveable little aliens, who crash their UFO into his house. In return for Luis' help in finding the home-shopping channel stuff they came for, they save Luis from boarding school - and an exciting adventure follows.
Title: My Brother's Wife | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: After almost 10 years of marriage, attractive Zoe discovers that her marriage lacks passion and surprise, and is seduced by the possibility of finding those sensations already forgotten in her husband's brother. From this premise a series of events lead these three characters to a dangerous game of revenges, secrets and passions. Two brothers and one woman: the triangle is outlined in a disquieting way. It is a bomb that triggers family secrets, the contained rage of desire and the unmanageable power of love. An exciting story that subjugates the viewer from beginning to end. Even though Zoe/Sonia has been married to Ignacio/Ishan for about a decade, they are unable to have children. She wants to be intimate but he prefers to be ready for intimacy on Saturdays only, and she gets physically drawn to his artistic brother, Gonzalo/Rohan. Then things get complicated for her after she tests positive for motherhood and finds that her husband may be gay.
Title: The Rhythm Section | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Blake Lively stars as Stephanie Patrick, a woman on a path of self-destruction after her family is tragically killed in a plane crash. When she discovers the wreck was no accident, Stephanie enters the dark, complex world of international espionage seeking vengeance. Her search leads to Iain Boyd (Jude Law), a former MI6 agent who trains her to hunt down those responsible. With nothing left to lose, Stephanie transforms from victim to assassin and discovers that neither revenge nor the truth are what they appear in this action-packed thriller from the producers of James Bond.
Title: The Exorcism of Molly Hartley | Genres: horror | Overview: Taking place years after The Haunting of Molly Hartley, who now, as an adult, has fallen under the possession of an evil spirit and must be exorcised by a fallen priest before the devil completely takes her.
Title: About Cherry | Genres: drama | Overview: A drama centered on a troubled young woman who moves to San Francisco, where she gets involved in pornography and aligns herself with a cocaine-addicted lawyer.
Title: Pompeii | Genres: action, adventure, history, romance, drama | Overview: In 79 A.D., Milo, a slave turned gladiator, finds himself in a race against time to save his true love Cassia, the beautiful daughter of a wealthy merchant who has been unwillingly betrothed to a corrupt Roman Senator. As Mount Vesuvius erupts in a torrent of blazing lava, Milo must fight his way out of the arena in order to save his beloved as the once magnificent Pompeii crumbles around him.
Title: Superman vs. The Elite | Genres: science fiction, animation, action | Overview: The Man of Steel finds himself outshone by a new team of ruthless superheroes who hold his idealism in contempt.
Title: Starship Troopers 2: Hero of the Federation | Genres: adventure, horror, action, science fiction | Overview: In the sequel to Paul Verhoeven's loved/reviled sci-fi film, a group of troopers taking refuge in an abandoned outpost after fighting alien bugs, failing to realize that more danger lays in wait.
Title: The Young Master | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Youthful martial arts master Lung is searching for his missing brother, when he is mistaken for a criminal on the run. He must prove his innocence by solving the case himself, while local lawmen and merciless mercenaries are hot on his trail.
Title: The Name of the Rose | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: 14th-century Franciscan monk William of Baskerville and his young novice arrive at a conference to find that several monks have been murdered under mysterious circumstances. To solve the crimes, William must rise up against the Church's authority and fight the shadowy conspiracy of monastery monks using only his intelligence – which is considerable.
Title: Brazil | Genres: comedy, science fiction | Overview: Low-level bureaucrat Sam Lowry escapes the monotony of his day-to-day life through a recurring daydream of himself as a virtuous hero saving a beautiful damsel. Investigating a case that led to the wrongful arrest and eventual death of an innocent man instead of wanted terrorist Harry Tuttle, he meets the woman from his daydream, and in trying to help her gets caught in a web of mistaken identities, mindless bureaucracy and lies.
Title: Love Me Instead | Genres: drama | Overview: One day, Sedat, who works as a prison guard in Konya, is given the duty to take one of the prisoners, Musa, to his hometown. Musa does not intend to return until he finds out why his daughter was killed.
Title: Spycies | Genres: animation, comedy, action, adventure, family | Overview: Vladimir and Hector, two secret agents opposed in every way, are trying to recover a top secret material stolen by unknown intruders.
Title: Pistol Whipped | Genres: action, thriller, crime, drama | Overview: Steven Seagal stars in this gritty, no-holds barred action film as an elite ex-cop with a gambling problem and a mountain of debt. When a mysterious man offers to clear his debts in exchange for the assassination of the city's most notorious gangsters, he make s decision that will change his life - forever.
Title: The Legacy of Chucky | Genres: horror, documentary | Overview: A celebration of the 30+ year legacy of the Child’s Play franchise and iconic character, Chucky, with never-before-seen interviews with franchise creator and actors.
Title: Once Upon a Time in China III | Genres: action | Overview: Master Wong and his disciples enroll in the 'Dancing Lion Competition' to stop an assassination plot and to battle an arrogant, deceitful opponent.
Title: Grave Encounters 2 | Genres: horror | Overview: Tortured by the ghosts of the demonized insane asylum that killed the crew of GRAVE ENCOUNTERS, film students fight to escape death as their own paranormal investigation goes terribly wrong in this horrifying sequel.
Title: Lost Highway | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: A tormented jazz musician finds himself lost in an enigmatic story involving murder, surveillance, gangsters, doppelgangers, and an impossible transformation inside a prison cell.
Title: The House Bunny | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Shelley is living a carefree life until a rival gets her tossed out of the Playboy Mansion. With nowhere to go, fate delivers her to the sorority girls from Zeta Alpha Zeta. Unless they can sign a new pledge class, the seven socially clueless women will lose their house to the scheming girls of Phi Iota Mu. In order to accomplish their goal, they need Shelley to teach them the ways of makeup and men; at the same time, Shelley needs some of what the Zetas have - a sense of individuality. The combination leads all the girls to learn how to stop pretending and start being themselves.
Title: Ip Man 4: The Finale | Genres: action, drama, history | Overview: Following the death of his wife, Ip Man travels to San Francisco to ease tensions between the local kung fu masters and his star student, Bruce Lee, while searching for a better future for his son.
Title: Toxic | Genres: thriller, science fiction | Overview: In the middle of a mysterious insomnia epidemic that slowly takes on catastrophic dimensions, Laura (39) and Augusto (42) flee the city in their motorhome to get away from the chaos. As they move down the route, the world becomes an increasingly strange and dangerous place. Finally, Laura reveals a story that changes everything. The road is depopulating, the silence grows and it is increasingly difficult to differentiate the reality from the dream.
Title: Lifeboat | Genres: war | Overview: During World War II, a small group of survivors is stranded in a lifeboat together after the ship they were traveling on is destroyed by a German U-boat.
Title: Problem Child | Genres: comedy | Overview: Ben Healy and his social climbing wife Flo adopt fun-loving seven year old Junior. But they soon discover he's a little monster as he turns a camping trip, a birthday party and even a baseball game into comic nightmares.
Title: The Hitcher | Genres: horror, action, thriller | Overview: On a stormy night, young Jim, who transports a luxury car from Chicago to California to deliver it to its owner, feeling tired and sleepy, picks up a mysterious hitchhiker, who has appeared out of nowhere, thinking that a good conversation will help him not to fall asleep. He will have enough time to deeply regret such an unmeditated decision.
Title: Adult World | Genres: comedy | Overview: Amy, a naive college graduate who believes she's destined to be a great poet, begrudgingly accepts a job at a sex shop while she pursues a mentorship with reclusive writer Rat Billings.
Title: Damage | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The life of a respected British politician at the height of his career crumbles when he becomes obsessed with his son's lover.
Title: Demons | Genres: horror | Overview: A group of people are trapped in a West Berlin movie theater infested with ravenous demons who proceed to kill and possess the humans one-by-one, thereby multiplying their numbers.
Title: 12 Rounds 3: Lockdown | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: Lockdown Follows a police officer who returns to duty after recovering from a gun shot wound to discover incriminating evidence of illegal activities against those closest to him. He quickly finds himself trapped inside his own precinct, hunted and in search of the truth, as the crooked cops stop at nothing to recover the evidence.
Title: Zombie Massacre | Genres: action, horror | Overview: A bacteriological weapon developed by the US Government to create a super soldier - spreads an epidemic in a quiet little town in the middle of Eastern Europe. All citizens have been turned into infected zombies. The plan is to bring an atomic bomb into the city's nuclear plant to pretend a terrible accident occurred. No one has to know the truth. A team of mercenaries is hired to complete the mission. The battle is on. Hordes of monsters against the team. Who will survive?
Title: Omen IV: The Awakening | Genres: horror, tv movie | Overview: Damien Thorn is dead, but his prophecy is reborn in a girl named Delia, who is adopted by two attorneys, Gene and Karen York. When Karen realizes her baby was born under suspicious circumstances, she hires a private investigator to find Delia's real parents. A series of bizarre accidents occur, and Karen begins to suspect everyone of conspiring against her as she unravels the truth about her baby.
Title: My Fair Lady | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: A snobbish phonetics professor agrees to a wager that he can take a flower girl and make her presentable in high society.
Title: Road Trip: Beer Pong | Genres: comedy | Overview: It’s Road Trip - Beer Pong! Three college roommates are on the ride of their lives when they drop everything to join a bus full of sexy, scantily clad models to compete in the ultimate sport competition: the National Beer Pong Tournament.
Title: Mater and the Ghostlight | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Mater, the rusty but trusty tow truck from Cars, spends a day in Radiator Springs playing scary pranks on his fellow townsfolk. That night at Flo's V8 Café, the Sheriff tells the story of the legend of the Ghostlight, and as everyone races home Mater is left alone primed for a good old-fashioned scare.
Title: Sex and Zen III | Genres: comedy, romance, drama, adventure | Overview: The plot follows new prostitutes Susan (Karen Yeung), Fanny (Tung Yi), and Chinyun (Chung Chun), who are inducted into the Fragrance House brothel where they are trained in the ways of lovemaking by their veteran madam Tall Kau. Eventually all three enter circulation where Susan is crowned the top prize and becomes enamored of budding scholar Chu Chi-Ang. Fanny is jealous beyond all means and though she's bought by famous horse trader Sir Lui (Category 3 staple Tsui Kam-Kong), she still plans her revenge on Susan. Eventually the typical â€œtorture the innocent naked girl for cheap thrillsâ€ stuff happens, while Chu learns various wacky sexual positions to get Susan back.
Title: Rain Man | Genres: drama | Overview: Selfish yuppie Charlie Babbitt's father left a fortune to his savant brother Raymond and a pittance to Charlie; they travel cross-country.
Title: The Pilot. A Battle for Survival | Genres: war, drama, history | Overview: December of 1941, Northwestern Front. A German tank column is moving towards Moscow. During a mission to stop the enemy advance, Nikolai Komlev's IL-2 is shot down. Komlev manages to crash-land his plane in a remote forest clearing. He's alive, but far from friendly territory. Ahead of him is a relentless trial of severe physical and mental endurance. After battling hunger and extreme cold, evading packs of wolves and detachments of Nazi soldiers, the wounded Komlev finally makes it back to safety. But there he faces another challenge, the most life-changing of them all.
"Title: Hacker | Genres: action, family | Overview: 13-year-old Benjamin discovers that his mother didn’t die in an accident as he was led to believe. The trail leads to high-ranking officials in the Danish Secret Service. ""Trust no one!"", he is told."
Title: Beverly Hills Cop III | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: Back in sunny southern California and on the trail of two murderers, Axel Foley again teams up with LA cop Billy Rosewood. Soon, they discover that an amusement park is being used as a front for a massive counterfeiting ring – and it's run by the same gang that shot Billy's boss.
Title: Papillon | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: A man befriends a fellow criminal as the two of them begin serving their sentence on a dreadful prison island, which inspires the man to plot his escape.
Title: The Upside | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Phillip is a wealthy quadriplegic who needs a caretaker to help him with his day-to-day routine in his New York penthouse. He decides to hire Dell, a struggling parolee who's trying to reconnect with his ex and his young son. Despite coming from two different worlds, an unlikely friendship starts to blossom.
Title: Heartbreakers | Genres: comedy, romance, crime | Overview: Max and Page are a brilliant mother/daughter con team who have their grift down to a fine science. Max targets wealthy, willing men and marries them. Page then seduces them, and Max catches her husband in the act. Then it's off to palimony city and the next easy mark.
Title: The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus | Genres: adventure, fantasy, mystery | Overview: A traveling theater company gives its audience much more than they were expecting.
"Title: City Slickers | Genres: comedy, western | Overview: Three New York businessmen decide to take a ""Wild West"" vacation that turns out not to be the relaxing vacation they had envisioned."
Title: Crush | Genres: thriller | Overview: A secret admirer's crush on a high school athlete takes a fatal turn.
Title: The Neon Demon | Genres: thriller, horror, drama | Overview: When aspiring model Jesse moves to Los Angeles, her youth and vitality are devoured by a group of beauty-obsessed women who will take any means necessary to get what she has.
Title: Death at a Funeral | Genres: comedy | Overview: Aaron's father's funeral is today at the family home, and everything goes wrong: the funeral home delivers the wrong body, his cousin accidentally drugs her fiancé, and Aaron's successful younger brother, Ryan, flies in from New York, broke but arrogant. To top it all off, a mysterious stranger wants a word with Aaron.
Title: The Nativity Story | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Mary and Joseph make the hard journey to Bethlehem for a blessed event in this retelling of the Nativity story. This meticulously researched and visually lush adaptation of the biblical tale follows the pair on their arduous path to their arrival in a small village, where they find shelter in a quiet manger and Jesus is born.
Title: The Specialist | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: May Munro is a woman obsessed with getting revenge on the people who murdered her parents when she was still a girl. She hires Ray Quick, a retired explosives expert to kill her parent's killers. When Ned Trent, embittered ex-partner of Quick's is assigned to protect one of Quick's potential victims, a deadly game of cat and mouse ensues.
Title: Imagine Me & You | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: During her wedding ceremony, Rachel notices Luce in the audience and feels instantly drawn to her. The two women become close friends, and when Rachel learns that Luce is a lesbian, she realizes that despite her happy marriage to Heck, she is falling for Luce. As she questions her sexual orientation, Rachel must decide between her stable relationship with Heck and her exhilarating new romance with Luce.
Title: A Conspiracy of Faith | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Denmark, 2016. A blurred note is found in a bottle that has traveled across the ocean for a long time. After deciphering the cryptic note, Department Q members follow a sinister trail that leads them to investigate a case occurred in 2008. At the same time, new tragic events take place that test their faith and deepest beliefs.
Title: Asterix and the Vikings | Genres: family, animation, comedy, adventure | Overview: Asterix and Obelix have been given a tough mission: Transform the chief's lazy nephew Justforkix into a warrior. When the Vikings abduct him and bring him back to their homeland, Asterix and Obelix must travel to Norway to rescue Justforkix.
Title: The Bodyguard from Beijing | Genres: drama, action, thriller | Overview: A corrupt businessman commits a murder and the only witness is the girlfriend of another businessman with close connections to the Chinese government, so a bodyguard from Beijing is dispatched to help two Hong Kong cops protect the witness.
Title: Raw | Genres: drama, horror | Overview: In Justine’s family everyone is a vet and a vegetarian. At 16, she’s a gifted teen ready to take on her first year in vet school, where her older sister also studies. There, she gets no time to settle: hazing starts right away. Justine is forced to eat raw meat for the first time in her life. Unexpected consequences emerge as her true self begins to form.
Title: We Couldn't Become Adults | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Prodded by a friend request, a feckless forty-something recalls his past relationships from the 90s onward, looking for his vanished hopes and dreams.
Title: The Numbers Station | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: When the moral values of a longtime wetwork black ops agent is tested during his last operation, he receives an unfavorable psych evaluation. Now he is given a break and a seemingly uncomplicated assignment of simply protecting the security of a young female code announcer, code resources and remote station they are assigned to. After an ambush and one phone call later, it becomes a complicated fight for their survival.
"Title: Radio Rebel | Genres: comedy, drama, family, tv movie | Overview: High school senior Tara is so painfully shy that she dreads speaking to anyone in the hallways or getting called on in class. But in the privacy of her bedroom with her iPod in hand, she rocks out -- doing mock broadcasts for Miami's hottest FM radio station, which happens to be owned by her stepfather. When a slot opens up at The SLAM, Tara surprises herself by blossoming behind the mike into confident, ""Radio Rebel"" -- and to everyone's shock, she's a hit!"
Title: Remi, Nobody's Boy | Genres: adventure, family, drama | Overview: At the age of 10 years, young Rémi is snatched from his adoptive mother and entrusted to the signor Vitalis, a mysterious itinerant musician. Has its hard sides - he will learn the harsh life of acrobat and sing to win his bread. Accompanied by the faithful dog capi and of the small monkey Joli-Coeur, his long trip through France, made for meetings, friendships and mutual assistance, leads him to the secret of its origins.
Title: Rat Race | Genres: adventure, comedy | Overview: In an ensemble film about easy money, greed, manipulation and bad driving, a Las Vegas casino tycoon entertains his wealthiest high rollers -- a group that will bet on anything -- by pitting six ordinary people against each other in a wild dash for $2 million jammed into a locker hundreds of miles away. The tycoon and his wealthy friends monitor each racer's every move to keep track of their favorites. The only rule in this race is that there are no rules.
Title: Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: Alexander's day begins with gum stuck in his hair, followed by more calamities. Though he finds little sympathy from his family and begins to wonder if bad things only happen to him, his mom, dad, brother, and sister all find themselves living through their own terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day.
Title: Real Girl | Genres: romance | Overview: Hikaru Tsutsui is a high school student. He enjoys animation and video games in the virtual world, but he doesn't enjoy his real life. People at his school don't even know he exists. One day, he cleans up the pool at his school with beautiful Iroha Ikarashi. Iroha approaches Hikaru and confesses that she likes him.
Title: Lone Wolf McQuade | Genres: action, western, crime | Overview: The archetypical renegade Texas Ranger wages war against a drug kingpin with automatic weapons, his wits and martial arts after a gun battle leaves his partner dead. All of this inevitably culminates in a martial arts showdown between the drug lord and the ranger, and involving the woman they both love.
Title: Star of David: Beauty Hunting | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: The film portrays the life of Tatsuya, a young man of proper descent whose outward respectability hides his urges for rape and torture. This handsome rapist seduces women, then brings them to the basement of the mansion he inherited from his well-to-do parents, where he indulges in lengthy sessions of sado-sexual violence. Based on manga by Masaaki Sato.
Title: They Reach | Genres: adventure, horror | Overview: In 1979, a young girl stumbles upon a possessed tape player. She unknowingly unleashes a demonic entity that haunts her family while slowly dragging the small town of Clarkston to Hell.
Title: Three Wishes for Cinderella | Genres: fantasy, family, romance | Overview: Popelka, a resourceful and independent young girl, is a servant in her stepmother's house and confides her closest friend the owl. When she comes across three magical acorns, she's granted a single wish for each one of them.
Title: Mega Shark vs. Giant Octopus | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: The California coast is terrorized by two enormous prehistoric sea creatures as they battle each other for supremacy of the sea.
Title: A Ballad of Saints and Sinners | Genres: horror, romance, thriller | Overview: A tale of love and cults. Elijah must rescue his girlfriend from the cult she finds herself trapped in, or else he may succumb to it himself.
Title: Minamata | Genres: drama, history | Overview: War photographer W. Eugene Smith travels back to Japan where he documents the devastating effect of mercury poisoning in coastal communities.
Title: Capone | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: The 47-year old Al Capone, after 10 years in prison, starts suffering from dementia and comes to be haunted by his violent past.
Title: Wolves | Genres: horror, action | Overview: The coming-of-age story of Cayden Richards. Forced to hit the road after the murder of his parents, Cayden wanders lost without purpose... Until he meets a certifiable lunatic named Wild Joe who sets him on a path to the ominous town of Lupine Ridge to hunt down the truths of his history. But in the end| who's really hunting whom?
Title: Sheena | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Sheena's parents are killed while on Safari. She is raised by the mystical witch woman of an African tribe. When her foster mother is framed for the murder of a political leader, Sheena and a newsman, Vic Casey, are forced to flee while pursued by the mercenaries hired by the real killer, who hopes to assume power. Sheena's ability to talk to the animals and knowledge of jungle lore give them a chance against the high tech weapons of the mercenaries.
Title: Maximum Risk | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Alain Moreau's investigation into the death of his identical twin brother leads him from the beauty of the south of France to the mean streets of New York City and into the arms of his brother's beautiful girlfriend. Pursued by ruthless Russian mobsters and renegade FBI agents, the duo race against time to solve his brother's murder and expose an international conspiracy.
Title: Cristiano de la Secreta | Genres: comedy | Overview: The live of a Christian man who wants to have another experience.
Title: Vanilla Sky | Genres: romance, science fiction, fantasy, thriller | Overview: David Aames has it all: wealth, good looks and gorgeous women on his arm. But just as he begins falling for the warmhearted Sofia, his face is horribly disfigured in a car accident. That's just the beginning of his troubles as the lines between illusion and reality, between life and death, are blurred.
Title: Snakes on a Plane | Genres: action, crime, thriller, horror | Overview: America is on the search for the murderer Eddie Kim. Sean Jones must fly to L.A. to testify in a hearing against Kim. Accompanied by FBI agent Neville Flynn, the flight receives some unexpected visitors.
Title: No Escape Room | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: A father and daughter check out a small town escape room and discover there is something sinister about the place.
Title: The Chaser | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Joong-ho is a dirty detective turned pimp in financial trouble as several of his girls have recently disappeared without clearing their debts. While trying to track them down, he finds a clue that the vanished girls were all called up by the same client whom one of his girls is meeting with right now.
Title: Hell Fest | Genres: horror | Overview: On Halloween night at a horror theme park, a costumed killer begins slaying innocent patrons who believe that it's all part of the festivities.
Title: The Five-Year Engagement | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Exactly one year after Tom meets Violet, he surprises her with a wedding ring. By all accounts, Tom and Violet are destined for their happily ever after. However, this engaged couple just keep getting tripped up on the long walk down the aisle.
Title: Sister Act | Genres: music, comedy | Overview: A Reno singer witnesses a mob murder and the cops stash her in a nunnery to protect her from the mob's hitmen. The mother superior does not trust her, and takes steps to limit her influence on the other nuns. Eventually the singer rescues the failing choir and begins helping with community projects, which gets her an interview on TV—and identification by the mob.
Title: I Still See You | Genres: thriller, fantasy | Overview: A spellbinding and romantic supernatural thriller. Ten years after an apocalyptic event left the world haunted by ghosts, Roni receives a threatening message from beyond the grave. Joining forces with a mysterious classmate, Kirk, Roni descends into a shadow world that blurs the bounds of the living and the dead-and begins a desperate race against time to stop a cunning killer.
Title: Saturday Night Fever | Genres: drama, music | Overview: Tony spends his Saturdays at a disco where his stylish moves raise his popularity among the patrons. But his life outside the disco is not easy and things change when he gets attracted to Stephanie.
Title: 13 Ghosts | Genres: horror | Overview: Reclusive Dr. Zorba has died and left his mansion to his nephew Cyrus and his family. They will need to search the house to find the doctor's fortune, but along with the property they have also inherited the occultist's collection of 13 ghosts.
Title: Zoolander | Genres: comedy | Overview: Clear the runway for Derek Zoolander, VH1's three-time male model of the year. His face falls when hippie-chic Hansel scooters in to steal this year's award. The evil fashion guru Mugatu seizes the opportunity to turn Derek into a killing machine. It's a well-designed conspiracy and only with the help of Hansel and a few well-chosen accessories like Matilda can Derek make the world safe for male models everywhere.
Title: Lars and the Real Girl | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Extremely shy Lars finds it impossible to make friends or socialize. His brother and sister-in-law worry about him, so when he announces that he has a girlfriend he met on the Internet, they are overjoyed. But Lars' new lady is a life-size plastic woman. On the advice of a doctor, his family and the rest of the community go along with his delusion.
Title: The Night Clerk | Genres: thriller, crime, drama | Overview: Hotel night clerk Bart Bromley is a highly intelligent young man on the Autism spectrum. When a woman is murdered during his shift, Bart becomes the prime suspect. As the police investigation closes in, Bart makes a personal connection with a beautiful guest named Andrea, but soon realises he must stop the real murderer before she becomes the next victim.
Title: Young Sister-in-law 3 | Genres: romance | Overview: Yoo-jin and Myeong-seok get a call from Hye-jin in the middle of the night. She finally escapes from domestic violence and comes to live with her sister. However, Myeong-seok is nice to her and Hye-jin starts to feel fond of him...
Title: Kin | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: A young boy finds a powerful otherworldly weapon, which he uses to save his older adoptive brother from a crew of thugs. Before long, the two of them are also pursued by federal agents and mysterious mercenaries aiming to reclaim their asset.
Title: The Core | Genres: action, thriller, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Geophysicist Dr. Josh Keyes discovers that an unknown force has caused the earth's inner core to stop rotating. With the planet's magnetic field rapidly deteriorating, our atmosphere literally starts to come apart at the seams with catastrophic consequences. To resolve the crisis, Keyes, along with a team of the world's most gifted scientists, travel into the earth's core. Their mission: detonate a device that will reactivate the core.
Title: In the Tall Grass | Genres: horror, drama, thriller | Overview: After hearing a child screaming for help from the green depths of a vast field of tall grass, Becky, a pregnant woman, and Cal, her brother, park their car near a mysterious abandoned church and recklessly enter the field, discovering that they are not alone and because of some reason they are unable of escaping a completely inextricable vegetable labyrinth.
Title: Harry Potter: A History Of Magic | Genres: documentary | Overview: A thrilling journey through legends, belief and folklore, this film goes behind the scenes with the British Library as they search to tell that story through objects in their collection, in an ambitious new exhibition: Harry Potter: A History Of Magic. J.K. Rowling, who is lending unseen manuscripts, drawings and drafts from her private archives (which will sit alongside treasures from the British Library, as well as original drafts and drawings from Jim Kay) talks about some of the personal items she has lent to the exhibition and gives new insight into her writing, looking at some of the objects from the exhibition that have fired her imagination.
Title: Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey | Genres: adventure, comedy, drama, family | Overview: Remake of the popular Disney classic, this time featuring some well known voices as two dogs and a cat trek across America encountering all sorts of adventures in the quest to be reunited with their owners.
Title: Je suis Karl | Genres: drama | Overview: After most of her family is murdered in a terrorist bombing, a young woman is unknowingly lured into joining the very group that killed them.
Title: Finding Vivian Maier | Genres: documentary | Overview: Vivian Maier's photos were seemingly destined for obscurity, lost among the clutter of the countless objects she'd collected throughout her life. Instead these images have shaken the world of street photography and irrevocably changed the life of the man who brought them to the public eye. This film brings to life the interesting turns and travails of the improbable saga of John Maloof's discovery of Vivian Maier, unravelling this mysterious tale through her documentary films, photographs, odd collections and personal accounts from the people that knew her. What started as a blog to show her work quickly became a viral sensation in the photography world. Photos destined for the trash heap now line gallery exhibitions, a forthcoming book and this documentary film.
Title: The Stepford Wives | Genres: comedy, science fiction, horror, thriller | Overview: What does it take to become a Stepford wife, a woman perfect beyond belief? Ask the Stepford husbands, who've created this high-tech, terrifying little town.
Title: Braindead | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: When a Sumatran rat-monkey bites Lionel Cosgrove's mother, she's transformed into a zombie and begins killing (and transforming) the entire town while Lionel races to keep things under control.
"Title: Chilangolandia | Genres: comedy | Overview: Mexico City, or ""Chilangolandia,"" is a chaotic metropolis where millions of stories take place every day. Some of them are part of this fun comedy full of familiar characters and others that defy stereotypes. Ramiro is a taxi driver who hopes his problems will end when his nephew ""El Chulo"" becomes a national soccer star. On the other hand, Carmen and Miguel are couple who unexpectedly receive a suitcase with a large sum of money, just what they need to get out of their financial situation. But when the true owners of the cash realize that it fell into the wrong hands, endless adventures and misunderstandings break out within this complex city."
Title: The Matrix Revisited | Genres: documentary | Overview: The film goes behind the scenes of the 1999 sci-fi movie The Matrix.
Title: The Possession of Michael King | Genres: horror | Overview: The film tells the story of documentary filmmaker Michael King (Shane Johnson), who doesn’t believe in God or the Devil. Following the sudden death of his wife, Michael decides to make his next film about the search for the existence of the supernatural, making himself the center of the experiment – allowing demonologists, necromancers, and various practitioners of the occult to try the deepest and darkest spells and rituals they can find on him – in the hopes that when they fail, he’ll once and for all have proof that religion, spiritualism, and the paranormal are nothing more than myth. But something does happen. An evil and horrifying force has taken over Michael King. And it will not let him go.
Title: Ibiza | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: She could do the responsible thing. Or she could go to Ibiza with her best friends to chase down a hot DJ. Easy choice.
Title: Safe House | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A dangerous CIA renegade resurfaces after a decade on the run. When the safe house he's remanded to is attacked by mercenaries, a rookie operative escapes with him. Now, the unlikely allies must stay alive long enough to uncover who wants them dead.
Title: Love Hard | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: An LA girl, unlucky in love, falls for an East Coast guy on a dating app and decides to surprise him for Christmas, only to discover that she's been catfished. But the object of her affection actually lives in the same town, and the guy who duped her offers to set them up if she pretends to be his own girlfriend for the holidays.
Title: The Informer | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: In New York, former convict Pete Koslow, related to the Polish mafia, must deal with both Klimek the General, his ruthless boss, and the twisted ambitions of two federal agents, as he tries to survive and protect the lives of his loved ones.
Title: Passengers | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller, romance | Overview: After a plane crash, a young therapist, Claire, is assigned by her mentor to counsel the flight's five survivors. When they share their recollections of the incident -- which some say include an explosion that the airline claims never happened -- Claire is intrigued by Eric, the most secretive of the passengers.
Title: Match Point | Genres: drama, thriller, crime, romance | Overview: Match Point is Woody Allen’s satire of the British High Society and the ambition of a young tennis instructor to enter into it. Yet when he must decide between two women - one assuring him his place in high society, and the other that would take him far from it - palms start to sweat and a dark psychological match in his head begins.
Title: Dorian Gray | Genres: fantasy, drama, thriller | Overview: A vain London playboy offers his soul in exchange for eternal beauty in this adaptation of the chilling tale by author Oscar Wilde. Seduced into the decadent world of Lord Henry Wotton (Colin Firth), handsome young aristocrat Dorian Gray (Ben Barnes) becomes obsessed with maintaining his youthful appearance, and commissions a special portrait that will weather the winds of time while he remains forever young. When Gray's obsession spirals out of control, his desperate attempts to safeguard his secret turn his once-privileged life into a living hell.
Title: I Spit on Your Grave: Déjà Vu | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Following her rape, Jennifer Hills wrote a bestselling account of her ordeal and of the controversial trial in which she was accused of taking the law into her own hands and brutally killing her assailants. In the small town where the rape and revenge took place, the relatives of the rapists she killed are furious that the court declared her not guilty and resolve to take justice into their own hands.
Title: Next Friday | Genres: comedy | Overview: A streetwise man flees South Central Los Angeles, heading to the suburbs and his lottery-winner uncle and cousin, to avoid a neighborhood thug with a grudge who has just escaped from prison.
Title: Little Witch Academia: The Enchanted Parade | Genres: action, animation, fantasy, comedy | Overview: In Enchanted Parade, Akko, Lotte and Sucy, having gotten in trouble yet again, are forced to team up with three other troublemakers; Amanda O'Neill, Constance Braunschweig Albrechtsburger and Jasmineka Antonenko, and must make an annual witch parade a success or else face expulsion.
Title: Jarhead 2: Field of Fire | Genres: war, action | Overview: Battle-scarred and disillusioned by the war, Corporal Chris Merrimette is put in charge of a unit whose next mission is to resupply a remote outpost on the edge of Taliban-controlled territory. While driving through the hostile Helmand province, a Navy SEAL flags down their convoy and enlists the unit on an operation of international importance: they must help an Afghan woman famous for her defiance of the Taliban escape the country. Without tanks or air support, Merrimette and his team will need all the courage and firepower they can muster to fight their way across the war-torn country and shepherd the woman to safety.
Title: What Lies Beneath | Genres: drama, horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: When Claire Spencer starts hearing ghostly voices and seeing spooky images, she wonders if an otherworldly spirit is trying to contact her. All the while, her husband tries to reassure her by telling her it's all in her head. But as Claire investigates, she discovers that the man she loves might know more than he's letting on.
Title: 48 Hrs. | Genres: thriller, action, comedy, crime, drama | Overview: A hard-nosed cop reluctantly teams up with a wise-cracking criminal temporarily paroled to him, in order to track down a killer.
"Title: Blood: The Last Vampire | Genres: action, adventure, horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: On the surface, Saya is a stunning 16-year-old, but that youthful exterior hides the tormented soul of a 400-year-old ""halfling"". Born to a human father and a vampire mother, she has for centuries been a loner obsessed with using her samurai skills to rid the world of vampires, all the while knowing that she herself can survive only on blood like those she hunts."
Title: Primal Rage | Genres: horror | Overview: A newly reunited young couple's drive through the Pacific Northwest turns into a nightmare as they are forced to face nature, unsavory locals, and a monstrous creature, known to the Native Americans as Oh-Mah.
Title: Short Circuit | Genres: comedy, family, science fiction | Overview: After a lightning bolt zaps a robot named Number 5, the lovable machine starts to think he's human and escapes the lab. Hot on his trail is his designer, Newton, who hopes to get to Number 5 before the military does. In the meantime, a spunky animal lover mistakes the robot for an alien and takes him in, teaching her new guest about life on Earth.
Title: The Midnight Man | Genres: horror | Overview: A girl and her friends find a game in the attic that summons a creature known as The Midnight Man, who uses their worst fears against them.
"Title: Expelled from Paradise | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: A.D. 2400, DEVA's central council detects an incident of unauthorized access into their mainframe. Someone on Earth was trying to hack into the system. The only information DEVA was able to retrieve was that hacker referred to themselves as ""Frontier Setter."" To investigate the mysterious hacker's motives, the high officials of DEVA dispatch system Security Third Officer Angela Balzac to the Earth's surface. Equipped with a prosthetic ""material body,"" Angela attempts to make contact with a local agent Dingo, but what awaited her instead was a swarm of Sandworms now infesting the Earth's surface. Angela intercepts the gruesome pests with her exoskeleton powered suit Arhan."
Title: Dominion: Prequel to The Exorcist | Genres: horror, drama | Overview: Haunted by terrible acts the Nazis forced him to participate in, the disenchanted Father Lankester Merrin focuses his energies on helping with an archaeological dig in the northern part of Kenya. There, the crew uncovers a church that predates Christian missions into the area, but the discovery also causes strange events to start occurring -- including physical changes to a young, disabled boy, whom Merrin grows to suspect has been possessed by a demon.
Title: Suspiria | Genres: horror | Overview: An American newcomer to a prestigious German ballet academy comes to realize that the school is a front for something sinister amid a series of grisly murders.
Title: Deception | Genres: thriller | Overview: As a corporate auditor who works in a number of different offices, Jonathan McQuarry wanders without an anchor among New York's power brokers. A chance meeting with charismatic lawyer Wyatt Bose leads to Jonathan's introduction to The List, an underground sex club. Jonathan begins an affair with a woman known only as S, who introduces Jonathan to a world of treachery and murder.
Title: Cinderella Man | Genres: romance, drama, history | Overview: The true story of boxer Jim Braddock who, in the 1920s following his retirement, makes a surprise comeback in order to get him and his family out of a socially poor state.
Title: Rogue | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: Battle-hardened O’Hara leads a lively mercenary team of soldiers on a daring mission: rescue hostages from their captors in remote Africa. But as the mission goes awry and the team is stranded, O’Hara’s squad must face a bloody, brutal encounter with a gang of rebels.
Title: Infernal Affairs III | Genres: crime, drama, action | Overview: Infernal Affairs III is a 2003 Hong Kong crime thriller film directed by Andrew Lau and Alan Mak. It is the third installment in the Infernal Affairs film series, and is both a sequel and a semi-prequel to the original film, as it intercuts events before and after the events in the original.
Title: Exorcist: The Beginning | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: Having lived through traumatizing events during WWII, Father Lankester Merrin takes a sabbatical from the Church to conduct archaeological excavations in British-administered East Africa. Merrin unearths an ancient Byzantine church believed have been built and then immediately buried to keep down evil from the crypt below. The natives are convinced that uncovering the church has unleashed a demon, and begin to violently clash with the British military troops. As the village rapidly disintegrates into chaos and war, Merrin must face-off with the demon which has taken possession of somebody close to him.
Title: The Crime of Padre Amaro | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The young Father Amaro is put to the test. He is sent to Mexico to help take care of aging Father Benito when he meets a 16-year-old girl that he begins and affair with. It turns out the girls mother had been having an affair with Father Benito. Father Amaro must soon choose between the holy or the sinful life.
Title: Palm Trees in the Snow | Genres: drama, history, romance | Overview: Spain, 2003. An accidental discovery leads Clarence to travel from the snowy mountains of Huesca to Equatorial Guinea, to visit the land where her father Jacobo and her uncle Kilian spent most of their youth, the island of Fernando Poo.
Title: Fantasia 2000 | Genres: animation, family, music | Overview: Blending lively music and brilliant animation, this sequel to the original 'Fantasia' restores 'The Sorcerer's Apprentice' and adds seven new shorts.
Title: Revolver | Genres: drama, thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: Hotshot gambler Jake Green is long on bravado and seriously short of common sense. Rarely is he allowed in any casino because he's a bona fide winner and, in fact, has taken so much money over the years that he's the sole client of his accountant elder brother, Billy. Invited to a private game, Jake is in fear of losing his life.
"Title: Weaponized | Genres: thriller, action, science fiction | Overview: A damaged homicide detective (Johnny Messner) must prevent a grieving father from unleashing a ""robotic virus"" that he believes will destroy the terrorist cell that murdered his son, but at an unimaginable cost."
Title: Hope | Genres: drama | Overview: After 8-year-old So-won narrowly survives a brutal sexual assault, her family labors to help her heal while coping with their own rage and grief.
Title: Tomb Invader | Genres: action, adventure, tv movie | Overview: With promises of untold treasure, two modern-day adventurers team up to enter the ancient tomb of Quin Shi Haung, and stop a madman from releasing the mercury trapped within.
Title: Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: In the bleak days of the Cold War, espionage veteran George Smiley is forced from semi-retirement to uncover a Soviet mole within his former colleagues at the heart of MI6.
Title: The Rocky Horror Picture Show | Genres: comedy, science fiction, fantasy, horror | Overview: Sweethearts Brad and Janet, stuck with a flat tire during a storm, discover the eerie mansion of Dr. Frank-N-Furter, a transvestite scientist. As their innocence is lost, Brad and Janet meet a houseful of wild characters, including a rocking biker and a creepy butler. Through elaborate dances and rock songs, Frank-N-Furter unveils his latest creation: a muscular man named 'Rocky'.
Title: Spy Game | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: On the day of his retirement, a veteran CIA agent learns that his former protégé has been arrested in China, is sentenced to die the next morning in Beijing, and that the CIA is considering letting that happen to avoid an international scandal.
Title: The Stranger by the Shore | Genres: animation, romance, drama | Overview: Abandoned after coming out, Shun befriends Mio just before he has to move. Years later, Mio returns with a confession. How will Shun feel?
Title: Studio 666 | Genres: horror, comedy, music | Overview: Legendary rock band Foo Fighters move into an Encino mansion steeped in grisly rock and roll history to record their much anticipated 10th album. Once in the house, Dave Grohl finds himself grappling with supernatural forces that threaten both the completion of the album and the lives of the band.
Title: Fritz the Cat | Genres: animation, comedy, drama | Overview: A swinging, hypocritical college student cat raises hell in a satirical vision of the 1960s.
Title: Edge of the World | Genres: adventure, drama, history | Overview: Biopic about Sir James Brooke, the British adventurer who became King of Sarawak in the 1840's and embarked on a lifelong crusade to end piracy and head-hunting - only to face charges of murder and piracy himself.
"Title: The Girl From the Other Side | Genres: animation, drama, mystery, fantasy | Overview: Once upon a time, in a far, faraway place, there were two lands. The world was divided into an inner land and an outer land. People feared the outer land, inhabited by eerie beings, the carriers of curse. One day, on the border to the inner land inhabited by humans, one such being finds a girl on heaps of abandoned dead bodies.The girl says her name is Shiva and shows affection to the ""being"" who found her, calling him ""Teacher."" This is a story of two people—one human, one inhuman—who linger in the hazy twilight that separates night from day."
"Title: Travis Scott: Look Mom I Can Fly | Genres: documentary, music | Overview: While crafting his Grammy-nominated album ""Astroworld,"" Travis Scott juggles controversy, fatherhood and career highs in this intimate documentary."
Title: The Ghost of Lord Farquaad | Genres: fantasy, animation, comedy, family, adventure | Overview: Lord Farquaad was eaten by the dragon, but his ghost has returned, and he's still evil. With the help of his henchman, Thelonious, he kidnaps Fiona. Shrek and the donkey set out to save her, with help from the dragon, before she goes over a waterfall on a raft.
Title: Scooby-Doo and the Alien Invaders | Genres: animation, family, comedy, mystery, science fiction, adventure, fantasy | Overview: A cosmic case of flying saucers, intergalactic intrigue and out-of-this-world romance launches Scooby-Doo and the Mystery Inc. Gang into their most unearthly adventure ever.
Title: Kelly's Heroes | Genres: adventure, comedy, war | Overview: A misfit group of World War II American soldiers goes AWOL to rob a bank behind German lines.
"Title: My Girl | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Vada Sultenfuss is obsessed with death. Her mother is dead, and her father runs a funeral parlor. She is also in love with her English teacher, and joins a poetry class over the summer just to impress him. Thomas J., her best friend, is ""allergic to everything"", and sticks with Vada despite her hangups. When Vada's father hires Shelly, and begins to fall for her, things take a turn to the worse..."
Title: The Break-Up | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Pushed to the breaking-up point after their latest 'why can't you do this one little thing for me?' argument, Brooke calls it quits with her boyfriend Gary. What follows is a hilarious series of remedies, war tactics, overtures and undermining tricks – all encouraged by the former couple's friends and confidantes …and the occasional total stranger! When neither ex is willing to move out of their shared apartment, the only solution is to continue living as hostile roommates until one of them reaches breaking point.
Title: The Final Wish | Genres: horror | Overview: Following the passing of his father, Aaron Hammond returns to his hometown to help his devastated mother and to confront his past demons. Sifting through his father’s belongings, Aaron comes upon a mysterious item that is far more than it seems.
Title: Upside Down | Genres: romance, science fiction, drama, fantasy | Overview: In an alternate universe where twinned worlds have opposite gravities, a young man battles interplanetary prejudice and the laws of physics in his quest to reunite with the long-lost girl of his dreams in this visually stunning romantic adventure that poses the question: what if love was stronger than gravity?
Title: Terminal | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: In the dark heart of a sprawling, anonymous city, two assassins carry out a sinister mission, a teacher battles a fatal illness, and an enigmatic janitor and a curious waitress lead dangerous double lives. Murderous consequences unravel in the dead of night, as their lives intertwine at the hands of a mysterious criminal mastermind who is hell-bent on revenge.
Title: Dead Snow 2: Red vs. Dead | Genres: horror, action, comedy | Overview: The gruesome Nazi Zombies are back to finish their mission, but our hero is not willing to die. He is gathering his own army to give them a final fight.
Title: Into the Labyrinth | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: When a kidnapping victim turns up alive after fifteen years, a profiler and a private investigator try to piece together the mystery.
Title: The Secret Garden | Genres: family, fantasy, drama | Overview: Mary Lennox is born in India to wealthy British parents who never wanted her. When her parents suddenly die, she is sent back to England to live with her uncle. She meets her sickly cousin, and the two children find a wondrous secret garden lost in the grounds of Misselthwaite Manor.
Title: SPL: Kill Zone | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Chan, an articulate senior detective nearing the end of his career, is taking care of the daughter of a witness killed by ruthless crime lord Po. Martial arts expert Ma is set to take over as head of the crime unit, replacing Chan who wants an early retirement.
Title: The Family Man | Genres: comedy, drama, romance, fantasy | Overview: Jack's lavish, fast-paced lifestyle changes one Christmas night when he stumbles into a grocery store holdup and disarms the gunman. The next morning he wakes up in bed lying next to Kate, his college sweetheart he left in order to pursue his career, and to the horrifying discovery that his former life no longer exists. As he stumbles through this alternate suburban universe, Jack finds himself at a crossroad where he must choose between his high-power career and the woman he loves.
Title: Cop Land | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: Freddy Heflin is the sheriff of a place everyone calls “Cop Land” — a small and seemingly peaceful town populated by the big city police officers he’s long admired. Yet something ugly is taking place behind the town’s peaceful facade. And when Freddy uncovers a massive, deadly conspiracy among these local residents, he is forced to take action and make a dangerous choice between protecting his idols and upholding the law.
Title: Bushwhacked | Genres: adventure, family, comedy | Overview: A inept courier realises he has been used by criminals to deliver money. On the run from both the criminals and police, he poses as a Scout leader and leads a scout group on a hike through the mountains.
Title: The Yin-Yang Master: Dream of Eternity | Genres: action, drama, fantasy, mystery, science fiction | Overview: Every few hundred years, the most powerful demon on earth—a snake demon—awakens, and the Yin-Yang Masters are summoned to the capital. Meanwhile, the Princess of the realm has her own plans, as she conspires to claim the demon’s power.
Title: The Trust | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: A pair of cops investigating a drug invasion stumble upon a mysterious bank vault.
"Title: Force of Execution | Genres: action, crime | Overview: Seagal stars as mob kingpin Mr. Alexander, an old-school boss who rules his criminal empire with both nobility and brutality. For a simple prison hit, he sends his best enforcer and protégé Roman Hurst (Foster). When the hit goes wrong, Hurst is forced to pay the price of his failure: banishment in the city that he almost once ruled. But a war is brewing for the soul of the city between Alexander, a cold-blooded gangster known as 'The Iceman"" (Rhames) and a merciless Mexican cartel. Hurst, with the help of an ex-con restaurant owner (Trejo) who has a few hidden moves of his own, will rediscover his own will to survive the coming conflict and to wreak vengeance on those who have wronged him."
Title: Ghost in the Shell Arise - Border 2: Ghost Whispers | Genres: action, animation, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Freed of her responsibilities with the 501 Organization, Motoko Kusanagi must now learn how to take orders from Aramaki. Someone hacks the Logicomas, and Batou enlists the help of former army intelligence officer Ishikawa and former air artillery expert Borma. Kusanagi also seeks to enlist ace sniper Saito and undercover cop Paz into the new Public Security Section 9.
Title: Problem Child 2 | Genres: comedy | Overview: Junior and his father, Ben, move from Cold River to Mortville. Junior becomes threatened by Ben's desire to date again and find a new mother for Junior, and sabotages each of his dates.
Title: Sudden Impact | Genres: crime, action, thriller | Overview: When a young rape victim takes justice into her own hands and becomes a serial killer, it's up to Dirty Harry Callahan, on suspension from the SFPD, to bring her to justice.
Title: Gold | Genres: adventure, drama, thriller | Overview: Kenny Wells, a modern-day prospector, hustler, and dreamer, is desperate for a lucky break. Left with few options, Wells teams up with an equally luckless geologist to execute a grandiose, last-ditch effort: to find gold deep in the uncharted jungle of Indonesia.
Title: The Vikings | Genres: action, adventure, history | Overview: Einar, brutal son of Ragnar and future heir to his throne, tangles with Eric, a wily slave, for the hand of a beautiful English maiden.
Title: The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou | Genres: adventure, comedy, drama | Overview: Renowned oceanographer Steve Zissou has sworn vengeance upon the rare shark that devoured a member of his crew. In addition to his regular team, he is joined on his boat by Ned, a man who believes Zissou to be his father, and Jane, a journalist pregnant by a married man. They travel the sea, all too often running into pirates and, perhaps more traumatically, various figures from Zissou's past, including his estranged wife, Eleanor.
Title: Pooh's Grand Adventure: The Search for Christopher Robin | Genres: animation, family, adventure | Overview: Pooh gets confused when Christopher Robin leaves him a note to say that he has gone back to school after the holidays. So Pooh, Piglet, Tigger, Eeyore and Rabbit go in search of Christopher Robin which leads to a big adventure.
Title: The Water Man | Genres: adventure | Overview: Hoping to save his sick mother, a boy named Gunner and his friend Jo venture into the remote Wild Horse forest to search for a mythical figure who possesses the secret to immortality. When they go missing, Gunner's father Amos must immerse himself in his son's world to find them.
Title: Aloha | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: A celebrated military contractor returns to the site of his greatest career triumphs and re-connects with a long-ago love while unexpectedly falling for the hard-charging Air Force watchdog assigned to him.
Title: The Snowman | Genres: crime, thriller, horror | Overview: Detective Harry Hole investigates the disappearance of a woman whose pink scarf is found wrapped around an ominous looking snowman.
Title: The Woman in Black | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: The story follows a young lawyer, Arthur Kipps, who is ordered to travel to a remote village and sort out a recently deceased client’s papers. As he works alone in the client’s isolated house, Kipps begins to uncover tragic secrets, his unease growing when he glimpses a mysterious woman dressed only in black. Receiving only silence from the locals, Kipps is forced to uncover the true identity of the Woman in Black on his own, leading to a desperate race against time when he discovers her true identity.
Title: Untold: Crimes & Penalties | Genres: documentary, crime | Overview: They were the bad boys of hockey — a team bought by a man with mob ties, run by his 17-year-old son, and with a rep for being as violent as they were good.
Title: Moulin Rouge! | Genres: drama, romance, music | Overview: A celebration of love and creative inspiration takes place in the infamous, gaudy and glamorous Parisian nightclub, at the cusp of the 20th century. A young poet, who is plunged into the heady world of Moulin Rouge, begins a passionate affair with the club's most notorious and beautiful star.
Title: Brimstone | Genres: western, mystery, thriller, drama | Overview: In the menacing inferno of the old North-American West, Liz is a genuine survivor who is hunted by a vengeful preacher for a crime she didn’t commit.
Title: Golden Job | Genres: action, adventure, crime | Overview: A group of former mercenaries reunite to plan an epic heist: boosting a truck full of medicine held by a foreign intelligence agency to supply a refugee camp in need. But when they find the truck is actually filled with stolen gold, the band of brothers realize they’ve been double-crossed by one of their own - and putting the situation right will be all out war.
Title: Teen Wolf Too | Genres: comedy, fantasy, family | Overview: Although awkward college student Todd Howard is particularly adept at science, he's paying for school with an athletic scholarship that he will lose should he not fare well in an upcoming boxing tournament. Luckily for Todd, he has inherited the same family curse that once turned his cousin into a werewolf. As he transforms into the hairy, fanged, howling monster, he finds both his physical agility and his popularity skyrocketing -- but at what cost?
"Title: Ms. Kristina Moran: Ang Babaeng Palaban | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Kristina ""Tina"" Moran is a nightclub star performer whose dream is to one day make it big. Her desire for fame and fortune leads her to a string of exciting sex-capades with a variety of men."
Title: Alien Overlords | Genres: action, science fiction, drama, horror | Overview: A man learns about alien agendas from a dying agent and feels compelled to warn the world about the impending danger.
Title: Here Comes the Boom | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: A high school biology teacher moonlights as a mixed-martial arts fighter in an effort to raise money to save the school's music program.
Title: Missing in Action | Genres: action, adventure, thriller, war | Overview: American servicemen are still being held captive in Vietnam and it's up to one man to bring them home in this blistering, fast-paced action/adventure starring martial arts superstar Chuck Norris.Following a daring escape from a Vietnamese POW camp, Special Forces Colonel James Braddock (Norris) is on a mission to locate and save remaining MIAs.
Title: The Men Who Stare at Goats | Genres: comedy, war | Overview: A reporter in Iraq might just have the story of a lifetime when he meets Lyn Cassady, a guy who claims to be a former member of the U.S. Army's New Earth Army, a unit that employs paranormal powers in their missions.
Title: The Day of the Jackal | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: An international assassin known as ‘The Jackal’ is employed by disgruntled French generals to kill President Charles de Gaulle, with a dedicated gendarme on the assassin’s trail.
Title: Joe Bell | Genres: drama, adventure | Overview: The true story of a small town, working class father who embarks on a solo walk across the U.S. to crusade against bullying after his son is tormented in high school for being gay.
Title: Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me | Genres: drama, mystery, horror | Overview: In the questionable town of Deer Meadow, Washington, FBI Agent Desmond inexplicably disappears while hunting for the man who murdered a teen girl. The killer is never apprehended, and, after experiencing dark visions and supernatural encounters, Agent Dale Cooper chillingly predicts that the culprit will claim another life. Meanwhile, in the more cozy town of Twin Peaks, hedonistic beauty Laura Palmer hangs with lowlifes and seems destined for a grisly fate.
Title: The Disappearance of Haruhi Suzumiya | Genres: comedy, science fiction, mystery, animation, drama | Overview: It is mid-december, and SOS Brigade chief Haruhi Suzumiya announces that the Brigade is going to hold a Christmas party in their clubroom, with Japanese hotpot for dinner. The brigade members Kyon, Yuki Nagato, Mikuru Asahina and Itsuki Koizumi start preparing everything for the party, such as costumes and decorations. But a couple of days later, Kyon arrives at school only to find that Haruhi is missing. Not only that, but Mikuru claims she has never known Kyon before, Koizumi is also missing, and Yuki has become the sole member of the literature club. The SOS Brigade seems to have never existed, nor has Haruhi Suzumiya. No one in the school has ever heard about her… except for Kyon.
Title: The Bounty Hunter | Genres: comedy, action, drama | Overview: Milo Boyd is a bounty hunter whose latest gig is rather satisfying, as he finds out that the bail-skipper he must chase down is his own ex-wife, Nicole -- but she has no intention of getting nabbed without a fight. Complicating matters, Nicole's wannabe-boyfriend, Stewart, joins the chase.
Title: Billy Elliot | Genres: drama, comedy, music | Overview: Set against the background of the 1984 Miners' Strike, 11-year-old Billy Elliot stumbles out of the boxing ring and onto the ballet floor. He faces many trials and triumphs as he strives to conquer his family's set ways, inner conflict, and standing on his toes.
"Title: The Heartbreak Kid | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Eddie, the 40-year-old confirmed bachelor finally says ""I do"" to the beautiful and sexy Lila. But during their honeymoon in Mexico, the woman of his dreams turns out to be a total nightmare, and the guy who could never pull the trigger realizes he’s jumped the gun."
Title: Insomnia | Genres: crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: Two Los Angeles homicide detectives are dispatched to a northern town where the sun doesn't set to investigate the methodical murder of a local teen.
Title: Rounders | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: A young man is a reformed gambler who must return to playing big stakes poker to help a friend pay off loan sharks.
Title: Benji | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: Two school kids strike up a friendship with an orphaned puppy named Benji. When danger befalls them and they end up kidnapped by robbers who are in over their heads, Benji and his scruffy sidekick come to the rescue.
Title: K-PAX | Genres: science fiction, drama | Overview: Prot is a patient at a mental hospital who claims to be from a far away planet. His psychiatrist tries to help him, only to begin to doubt his own explanations.
Title: Trash | Genres: adventure, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Set in Brazil, three kids who make a discovery in a garbage dump soon find themselves running from the cops and trying to right a terrible wrong.
Title: Crimson Rivers II: Angels of the Apocalypse | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: No one is safe when seemingly random killings emerge as a deadly pattern intended to usher in the end of the world. A murder victim with the same DNA as Christ. A serial killer mimicking the deaths of the 12 Apostles. Inspector Niemans and a young, rebellious detective team up with a beautiful expert in religion to crack the case before their elusive suspect completes the cycle of terror, paving the way to an even bigger bloody catastrophe.
Title: Along Came a Spider | Genres: crime, mystery, thriller, action | Overview: After the harrowing death of his partner, detective and best-selling author Alex Cross has retreated to the peace of retirement. But when a brilliant criminal kidnaps a senator's young daughter, Alex is lured back into action. Teamed with the Secret Service agent assigned to protect the missing girl, Alex follows a serpentine trail of clues that leads him to a stunning discovery - the kidnapper wants more than just ransom.
Title: Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: Superman agrees to sacrifice his powers to start a relationship with Lois Lane, unaware that three Kryptonian criminals he inadvertently released are conquering Earth.
Title: Pain and Glory | Genres: drama | Overview: Salvador Mallo, a filmmaker in the twilight of his career, remembers his life: his mother, his lovers, the actors he worked with. The sixties in a small village in Valencia, the eighties in Madrid, the present, when he feels an immeasurable emptiness, facing his mortality, the incapability of continuing filming, the impossibility of separating creation from his own life. The need of narrating his past can be his salvation.
Title: Puppylove | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Diane is a mysterious and lonely teenager. Sharing special bonds with her father Christian, she takes care of the education of her brother Marc. The arrival of Julia in the neighborhood, a charismatic and liberated young British woman, is going to disturb Diane’s daily life. Desperately willing to become an adult, Diane is going to live, for a semester, the most shattering experiences of her life. The more she gets close to Julia, the more she gets irresponsible, ignoring consequences and limits to her desires.
Title: Tom and Jerry & The Wizard of Oz | Genres: family, animation, comedy, fantasy | Overview: After a deadly storm, Tom and Jerry find themselves stranded on an unknown island ruled by the evil Wizard of Oz. As they try to find their way back home, they worry for their master Dorothy's safety.
Title: The Scorpion King 4: Quest for Power | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: When he is betrayed by a trusted friend, Mathayus must marshal all his strength and cunning to outwit a formidable opponent who will stop at nothing to unlock a supreme ancient power.
Title: All the President's Men | Genres: drama, history, mystery, thriller | Overview: During the 1972 elections, two reporters' investigation sheds light on the controversial Watergate scandal that compels President Richard Nixon to resign from his post.
Title: StreetDance 2 | Genres: music, romance, drama | Overview: After suffering humiliation by the crew Invincible, street dancer Ash looks to gather the best dancers from around the world for a rematch.
Title: Seven Psychopaths | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: A struggling screenwriter inadvertently becomes entangled in the Los Angeles criminal underworld after his oddball friends kidnap a gangster's beloved Shih Tzu.
"Title: Tales from Earthsea | Genres: animation, fantasy, adventure | Overview: Something bizarre has come over the land. The kingdom is deteriorating. People are beginning to act strange... What's even more strange is that people are beginning to see dragons, which shouldn't enter the world of humans. Due to all these bizarre events, Ged, a wandering wizard, is investigating the cause. During his journey, he meets Prince Arren, a young distraught teenage boy. While Arren may look like a shy young teen, he has a severe dark side, which grants him strength, hatred, ruthlessness and has no mercy, especially when it comes to protecting Teru. For the witch Kumo this is a perfect opportunity. She can use the boy's ""fears"" against the very one who would help him, Ged."
Title: Law of Desire | Genres: comedy, drama, thriller | Overview: Pablo, a successful film director, disappointed in his relationship with his young lover, Juan, concentrates in a new project, a monologue starring his transgender sister, Tina. Antonio, an uptight young man, falls possessively in love with the director and in his passion would stop at nothing to obtain the object of his desire.
Title: Prospect | Genres: science fiction | Overview: A teenage girl and her father travel to a remote alien moon, aiming to strike it rich. They've secured a contract to harvest a large deposit of the elusive gems hidden in the depths of the moon's toxic forest. But there are others roving the wilderness and the job quickly devolves into a fight to survive.
Title: Flight of the Phoenix | Genres: action, adventure, drama, thriller | Overview: When an oil rig in the Gobi Desert of Mongolia proves unproductive, an aircraft crew are sent to shut the operation down. However, on their way to Beijing, a major dust storm forces them to crash their C-119 Flying Boxcar in an uncharted area of the desert.
Title: Downrange | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: Stranded at the side of the road after a tire blowout, a group of friends become targets for an enigmatic sniper.
"Title: One Direction: This Is Us | Genres: documentary, music | Overview: ""One Direction: This Is Us"" is a captivating and intimate all-access look at life on the road for the global music phenomenon. Weaved with stunning live concert footage, this inspiring feature film tells the remarkable story of Niall, Zayn, Liam, Harry and Louis's really like to be One Direction."
Title: The Fanatic | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: A rabid film fan stalks his favorite action hero and destroys the star's life.
Title: Christmas with the Kranks | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: When their only daughter Blair leaves the family nest, Luther and Nora Krank decide to book an island cruise to beat the yuletide blues and just skip the holidays. But their decision to boycott tradition has the whole neighborhood in an uproar, and when Blair call son Christmas Eve to announce a surprise visit with her new fiancée, the Kranks have just twelve hours to perform a miracle and pull themselves and their neighbors together to throw the best celebration ever!
Title: Batman & Mr. Freeze: SubZero | Genres: animation, action, crime, family | Overview: When Mr. Freeze kidnaps Barbara Gordon, as an involuntary organ donor to save his dying wife, Batman and Robin must find her before the operation can begin.
Title: Quarantine 2: Terminal | Genres: horror, mystery, science fiction | Overview: A plane is taken over by a mysterious virus. When the plane lands it is placed under quarantine. Now a group of survivors must band together to survive the quarantine.
Title: The Virgin Suicides | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A group of male friends become obsessed with five mysterious sisters who are sheltered by their strict, religious parents.
Title: Batman Unlimited: Animal Instincts | Genres: action, animation, family | Overview: Gotham City is under siege by a series of bizarre crimes and only the world's greatest detective, Batman, can unravel the mystery! The trail leads to none other than the Penguin and his Animilitia, an animal-inspired squad of villains including Silverback, Cheetah, Killer Croc and the monstrous Man-Bat.
Title: Extraterrestrial | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: Five friends set out to a cabin in the woods for a fun weekend getaway that is, until extraterrestrial visitors turn it into a fight for their lives. The group is pulled from their reverie when a flickering object crashes deep in the woods. As they investigate, the friends stumble across an alien spacecraft, and its inhabitants have not arrived in peace.
Title: All About My Mother | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A single mother in Madrid sees her only son die on his birthday as he runs to seek an actress' autograph. Beside herself with grief, she returns to Barcelona to tell the boy's father about the death of the son he never knew he had.
Title: Beyond the Boundary: I'll Be Here – Future | Genres: animation, action, fantasy, drama, comedy | Overview: The battle is over, and they can go about their normal lives now... or so they thought. With no time to rejoice after miraculously saving Mirai from Beyond the Boundary, Mirai lost all her memories. Akihito, now a high school senior, starts to avoid Mirai thinking it’s for the better. Not aware of Akihito’s feelings, Mirai tries to get closer to Akihito. Then, someone who knows of Mirai appears in front of the two. With Akihito’s troubles in vain, Mirai once again sets forth on a battle that forces her to look within.
Title: Armored | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: A crew of officers at an armored transport security firm risk their lives when they embark on the ultimate heist against their own company. Armed with a seemingly fool-proof plan, the men plan on making off with a fortune with harm to none. But when an unexpected witness interferes, the plan quickly unravels and all bets are off.
Title: The Women and the Murderer | Genres: documentary, crime | Overview: This documentary traces the capture of serial killer Guy Georges through the tireless work of two women: a police chief and a victim's mother.
Title: Welcome to Sudden Death | Genres: action | Overview: Jesse Freeman is a former special forces officer and explosives expert now working a regular job as a security guard in a state-of-the-art basketball arena. Trouble erupts when a tech-savvy cadre of terrorists kidnap the team's owner and Jesse's daughter during opening night. Facing a ticking clock and impossible odds, it's up to Jesse to not only save them but also a full house of fans in this highly charged action thriller.
Title: Blue Is the Warmest Color | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Adèle's life is changed when she meets Emma, a young woman with blue hair, who will allow her to discover desire, to assert herself as a woman and as an adult. In front of others, Adele grows, seeks herself, loses herself, finds herself.
"Title: A Nightmare on Elm Street: The Dream Child | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Alice, having survived the previous installment of the Nightmare series, finds the deadly dreams of Freddy Krueger starting once again. This time, the taunting murderer is striking through the sleeping mind of Alice's unborn child. His intention is to be ""born again"" into the real world. The only one who can stop Freddy is his dead mother, but can Alice free her spirit in time to save her own son?"
Title: Miss Willoughby and the Haunted Bookshop | Genres: mystery, crime | Overview: Miss Willoughby is an educator and keen adventurer, an heiress to a family fortune who, along with her ex-forces butler, Robert, and cheeky but reliable Jack Russell, Bentley, gets pulled into mystery and adventure surrounding a haunted antique bookshop.
Title: Battle for the Planet of the Apes | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: The fifth and final episode in the Planet of the Apes series. After the collapse of human civilization, a community of intelligent apes led by Caesar lives in harmony with a group of humans. Gorilla General Aldo tries to cause an ape civil war and a community of human mutants who live beneath a destroyed city try to conquer those whom they perceive as enemies. All leading to the finale.
Title: Beauty and the Beast | Genres: drama, fantasy, romance | Overview: The story of a gentle-hearted beast in love with a simple and beautiful girl. She is drawn to the repellent but strangely fascinating Beast, who tests her fidelity by giving her a key, telling her that if she doesn't return it to him by a specific time, he will die of grief. She is unable to return the key on time, but it is revealed that the Beast is the genuinely handsome one. A simple tale of tragic love that turns into a surreal vision of death, desire, and beauty.
Title: Heidi | Genres: adventure, family | Overview: Heidi, is an eight-year-old Swiss orphan who is given by her aunt to her mountain-dwelling grandfather. She is then stolen back by her aunt from her grandfather to live in the wealthy Sesemann household in Frankfurt, Germany as a companion to Klara, a sheltered, disabled girl in a wheelchair. Heidi is unhappy but makes the best of the situation, always longing for her grandfather.
Title: Christiane F. | Genres: drama | Overview: This movie portrays the drug scene in Berlin in the 70s, following tape recordings of Christiane F. 14 years old Christiane lives with her mother and little sister in a typical multi-storey apartment building in Berlin. She's fascinated by the 'Sound', a new disco with most modern equipment. Although she's legally too young, she asks a friend to take her. There she meets Detlef, who's in a clique where everybody's on drugs. Step by step she gets drawn deeper into the scene.
Title: Beneath | Genres: horror | Overview: A crew of coal miners becomes trapped 600 feet below ground after a disastrous collapse. As the air grows more toxic and time runs out, they slowly descend into madness and begin to turn on one another. Inspired by true events.
Title: Wild Tales | Genres: drama, thriller, comedy | Overview: Six deadly stories that explore the extremities of human behaviour involving distressed people seeking revenge.
Title: The Girl in the Spider's Web | Genres: action, crime, thriller, drama | Overview: In Stockholm, Sweden, hacker Lisbeth Salander is hired by Frans Balder, a computer engineer, to retrieve a program that he believes it is too dangerous to exist.
"Title: Salon Kitty | Genres: drama, war | Overview: Kitty runs a brothel in Nazi Germany where the soldiers come to ""relax"". Recording devices have been installed in each room by a power hungry army official who plans to use the information to blackmail Hitler and gain power himself. A girl named Margherita discovers the little ploy and with Kitty's help plans to take on the dangerous task of exposing the conspiracy."
Title: You've Got Mail | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Book superstore magnate, Joe Fox and independent book shop owner, Kathleen Kelly fall in love in the anonymity of the Internet—both blissfully unaware that he's trying to put her out of business.
Title: Monster High: Freaky Fusion | Genres: animation | Overview: While attempting to help Frankie Stein learn more about her freakycool scaritage, the fashionably fierce ghoulfriends travel back in time to the first day ever of Monster High! There, they meet Sparky, a skullastic teen with an obsession for creating life. But when Sparky follows the ghouls through a killer time portal to modern-day Monster High, the event results in eight of them fusing together into four creeperiffic hybrid Monsters. Now, they'll really have to work together to control their bodies in the big Bitecentennial Play and stop one of Sparky's experiments from destroying imperfectly perfect Monster High!
"Title: Farewell My Concubine | Genres: drama | Overview: Abandoned by his prostitute mother in 1920, Douzi was raised by a theater troupe. There he meets Shitou and over the following years the two develop an act entitled ""Farewell My Concubine"" that brings them fame and fortune. When Shitou marries Juxian, Douzi becomes jealous, the beginnings of the acting duo's explosive breakup and tragic fall take root."
Title: The Sting | Genres: comedy, crime, drama | Overview: Set in the 1930s this intricate caper deals with an ambitious small-time crook and a veteran con man who seek revenge on a vicious crime lord who murdered one of their gang.
"Title: The Elephant Man | Genres: drama, history | Overview: A Victorian surgeon rescues a heavily disfigured man being mistreated by his ""owner"" as a side-show freak. Behind his monstrous façade, there is revealed a person of great intelligence and sensitivity. Based on the true story of Joseph Merrick (called John Merrick in the film), a severely deformed man in 19th century London."
"Title: The Longest Day | Genres: war | Overview: The retelling of June 6, 1944, from the perspectives of the Germans, US, British, Canadians, and the Free French. Marshall Erwin Rommel, touring the defenses being established as part of the Reich's Atlantic Wall, notes to his officers that when the Allied invasion comes they must be stopped on the beach. ""For the Allies as well as the Germans, it will be the longest day"""
Title: Fried Green Tomatoes | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Amidst her own personality crisis, southern housewife Evelyn Couch meets Ninny, an outgoing old woman who tells her the story of Idgie Threadgoode and Ruth Jamison, two young women who experienced hardships and love in Whistle Stop, Alabama in the 1920s.
Title: A River Runs Through It | Genres: drama, family | Overview: A River Runs Through is a cinematographically stunning true story of Norman Maclean. The story follows Norman and his brother Paul through the experiences of life and growing up, and how their love of fly fishing keeps them together despite varying life circumstances in the untamed west of Montana in the 1920's.
Title: Sorry Angel | Genres: drama | Overview: Jacques is a writer living in Paris. He hasn't turned 40 but already mistrusts that the best in life is yet to come. Arthur is a student living in Brittany. He reads and smiles a lot and refuses to think that everything in life might not be possible. Jacques and Arthur will like each other. Just like in a lovely dream. Just like in a sad story.
Title: Coneheads | Genres: comedy, science fiction, family | Overview: A pair of aliens arrive on Earth to prepare for invasion, but crash instead. With enormous cone-shaped heads, robotlike walks and an appetite for toilet paper, aliens Beldar and Prymatt don't exactly blend in with the population of Paramus, N.J. But for some reason, everyone believes them when they say they're from France.
Title: The Reaping | Genres: horror | Overview: Katherine Morrissey, a former Christian missionary, lost her faith after the tragic deaths of her family. Now she applies her expertise to debunking religious phenomena. When a series of biblical plagues overrun a small town, Katherine arrives to prove that a supernatural force is not behind the occurrences, but soon finds that science cannot explain what is happening. Instead, she must regain her faith to combat the evil that waits in a Louisiana swamp.
Title: Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World | Genres: adventure, drama, war | Overview: After an abrupt and violent encounter with a French warship inflicts severe damage upon his ship, a captain of the British Royal Navy begins a chase over two oceans to capture or destroy the enemy, though he must weigh his commitment to duty and ferocious pursuit of glory against the safety of his devoted crew, including the ship's thoughtful surgeon, his best friend.
"Title: After the Ball | Genres: comedy | Overview: After the Ball, a retail fairy tale set in the world of fashion. Kate's dream is to design for couturier houses. Although she is a bright new talent, Kate can't get a job. No one trusts the daughter of Lee Kassell, a retail guru who markets clothes ""inspired"" by the very designers Kate wants to work for. Who wants a spy among the sequins and stilettos? Reluctantly, Kate joins the family business where she must navigate around her duplicitous stepmother and two wicked stepsisters. But with the help of a prince of a guy in the shoe department her godmother's vintage clothes and a shocking switch of identities, Kate exposes the evil trio, saves her father's company -- and proves that everyone can wear a fabulous dress."
Title: 1987: When the Day Comes | Genres: drama, history, thriller | Overview: In 1987 Korea, under an oppressive military regime, a college student gets killed during a police interrogation involving torture. Government of officials are quick to cover up the death and order the body to be cremated. A prosecutor who is supposed to sign the cremation release, raises questions about a 21-year-old kid dying of a heart attack, and he begins looking into the case for truth. Despite a systematic attempt to silence everyone involved in the case, the truth gets out, causing an eruption of public outrage.
Title: The Thirteenth Floor | Genres: thriller, science fiction, mystery | Overview: Los Angeles. A wealthy man, known as Mr. Fuller, discovers a shocking secret about the world he lives in. Fearing for his life, he leaves a desperate message for a friend of his in the most unexpected place.
Title: Never Cry Werewolf | Genres: horror | Overview: Jared Martin moves next door to the Hansetts, along with his hot motorcycle and eerie, ill-tempered dog. Although everyone else in the neighborhood takes an instant liking to him, Loren Hansett can't get over the bad vibes her new neighbor gives her. She starts to spy on his nocturnal activities and comes to believe that a recent killing might the work of a werewolf who happens to be her new neighbor. Her internet surfing provides a lot of collaborative detail but everyone but her friend Steven dismiss her story as teen-aged fantasy. Fearing for her life, she convinces Steven to take her to a gun shop to buy silver bullets in a gun shop, where their neighbor's supernatural dog attacks. When she dispatches the beast, her actions get the attention of Redd Tucker, a washed-up TV hunting show host to believe her as well. When Steven is attacked by the werewolf and Loren's brother goes missing, she and Redd team up to kill the lycanthrope before he can finish them both off.
Title: My Neighbors the Yamadas | Genres: animation, family | Overview: The Yamadas are a typical middle class Japanese family in urban Tokyo and this film shows us a variety of episodes of their lives. With tales that range from the humorous to the heartbreaking, we see this family cope with life's little conflicts, problems, and joys in their own way.
Title: Frailty | Genres: drama, thriller, crime | Overview: A man confesses to an FBI agent his family's story of how his religious fanatic father's visions lead to a series of murders to destroy supposed 'demons'.
Title: Bone Tomahawk | Genres: western, horror | Overview: During a shootout in a saloon, Sheriff Hunt injures a suspicious stranger. The doctor's assistant, wife of the local foreman, tends to him in prison. That night, the town is attacked and they both disappear—only the arrow of a cannibal tribe is found. Hunt and a few of his men go in search of the prisoner and the foreman's wife.
Title: Camp Rock | Genres: family, music, comedy, drama, tv movie, romance | Overview: When Mitchie gets a chance to attend Camp Rock, her life takes an unpredictable twist, and she learns just how important it is to be true to yourself.
Title: Marvel One-Shot: All Hail the King | Genres: action, comedy, fantasy, thriller | Overview: A documentary filmmaker interviews the now-famous Trevor Slattery from behind bars.
Title: The 6th Day | Genres: science fiction, mystery, action | Overview: Futuristic action about a man who meets a clone of himself and stumbles into a grand conspiracy about clones taking over the world.
Title: The Town that Dreaded Sundown | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A masked maniac terrorizes the same small community where a murderer known as the Phantom Killer struck decades earlier.
Title: Marvel One-Shot: Item 47 | Genres: science fiction, action, fantasy | Overview: Benny and Claire, a down on their luck couple find a discarded Chitauri gun, referred to as 'Item 47'...
Title: The Wedding Veil Legacy | Genres: tv movie, comedy, romance | Overview: Trаcy meets Nick in the third instаllment of the trilogy, аnd he helps her sаve аn originаl drаft of The New Colossus in exchаnge for her helping him run his restаurаnt. Trаcy begins to feel uneаsy аs they get closer.
Title: Nutty Professor II: The Klumps | Genres: fantasy, comedy, romance, science fiction | Overview: The hilarity begins when professor Sherman Klump finds romance with fellow DNA specialist, Denise Gaines, and discovers a brilliant formula that reverses aging. But Sherman's thin and obnoxious alter ego, Buddy Love, wants out...and a big piece of the action. And when Buddy gets loose, things get seriously nutty.
Title: Old Henry | Genres: western, thriller | Overview: A widowed farmer and his son warily take in a mysterious, injured man with a satchel of cash. When a posse of men claiming to be the law come for the money, the farmer must decide who to trust. Defending a siege of his homestead, the farmer reveals a talent for gun-slinging that surprises everyone calling his true identity into question.
Title: Unlocked | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: After failing to apprehend the terrorist behind a Paris attack that claimed dozens of lives, CIA agent Alice Racine is forced to live in London as a caseworker. Her mentor unexpectedly calls her back into action when the CIA discovers that another attack is imminent. Alice soon learns that the classified information she's uncovered has been compromised...
Title: Fantomas Unleashed | Genres: comedy, crime, adventure, fantasy | Overview: In the second episode of the trilogy Fantômas kidnaps distinguished scientist professor Marchand with the aim to develop a super weapon that will enable him to menace the world. Fantômas is also planning to abduct a second scientist, professor Lefebvre.
Title: Little | Genres: comedy, fantasy, romance | Overview: Jordan Sanders, a take-no-prisoners tech mogul, wakes up one morning in the body of her 13-year-old self right before a do-or-die presentation. Her beleaguered assistant April is the only one in on the secret that her daily tormentor is now trapped in an awkward tween body, just as everything is on the line.
Title: The Captive | Genres: drama, thriller, crime | Overview: Eight years after the disappearance of Cassandra, some disturbing incidents seem to indicate that she's still alive. Police, parents and Cassandra herself, will try to unravel the mystery of her disappearance.
Title: Playmobil: The Movie | Genres: family, animation, comedy, adventure | Overview: Marla is forced to abandon her carefully structured life to embark on an epic journey to find her younger brother Charlie who has disappeared into the vast and wondrous animated world of Playmobil toys.
Title: The Recall | Genres: science fiction, horror | Overview: When five friends vacation at a remote lake house, they expect nothing less then a good time, unaware that Earth is under attack by an alien invasion and mass-abductions.
"Title: Barely Lethal | Genres: adventure, comedy, action, romance | Overview: A 16-year-old international assassin yearning for a ""normal"" adolescence fakes her own death and enrolls as a senior in a suburban high school. She quickly learns that being popular can be more painful than getting water-boarded."
Title: Love the Coopers | Genres: comedy, family, drama | Overview: When four generations of the Cooper clan come together for their annual Christmas Eve celebration, a series of unexpected visitors and unlikely events turn the night upside down, leading them all toward a surprising rediscovery of family bonds and the spirit of the holiday.
Title: Alpha and Omega | Genres: animation, family, comedy, adventure, romance | Overview: Two young wolves at opposite ends of their pack's social order are thrown together into a foreign land and need each other to return home, but love complicates everything.
Title: The Lost Boys | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: A mother and her two teenage sons move to a seemingly nice and quiet small coastal California town yet soon find out that it's overrun by bike gangs and vampires. A couple of teenage friends take it upon themselves to hunt down the vampires that they suspect of a few mysterious murders and restore peace and calm to their town.
Title: Misha and the Wolves | Genres: documentary | Overview: A woman’s Holocaust memoir takes the world by storm, but a fallout with her publisher-turned-detective reveals her story as an audacious deception created to hide a darker truth.
Title: Cockneys vs Zombies | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: A gang of bank robbers team up with the residents of an old people's home to try to survive a zombie outbreak.
Title: The Stolen Princess | Genres: animation, comedy, adventure, family | Overview: This wonderful story happened in the age of valiant knights, beautiful princesses, and battling sorcerers. Ruslan, a wandering artist dreaming to become a knight, met beautiful Mila and fell in love with her; he didn’t even suspect that she is the King’s daughter. However, the lovers’ happiness wasn’t meant to last too long. Chernomor, the evil sorcerer, appeared in a magic vortex and stole Mila right before Ruslan’s eyes to transform her power of love into his own magic power. Without further ado, Ruslan sets out on a chase after the stolen princess to overcome all obstacles and to prove that real love is stronger than magic.
Title: Don't Hang Up | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: An evening of drunken prank calls becomes a nightmare for a pair of teenagers when a mysterious stranger turns their own game against them.
Title: Stealth | Genres: science fiction, action, war | Overview: Deeply ensconced in a top-secret military program, three pilots struggle to bring an artificial intelligence program under control ... before it initiates the next world war.
Title: Argo | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: As the Iranian revolution reaches a boiling point, a CIA 'exfiltration' specialist concocts a risky plan to free six Americans who have found shelter at the home of the Canadian ambassador.
Title: 2010 | Genres: thriller, science fiction | Overview: While planet Earth poises on the brink of nuclear self-destruction, a team of Russian and American scientists aboard the Leonov hurtles to a rendezvous with the still-orbiting Discovery spacecraft and its sole known survivor, the homicidal computer HAL.
Title: Iron Man: Rise of Technovore | Genres: science fiction, animation, action | Overview: Iron Man enlists the help of ruthless vigilante the Punisher to track down War Machine's murderer. All the while, he's being pursued by S.H.I.E.L.D. agents Black Widow and Hawkeye, who suspect his involvement in a recent terrorist plot.
"Title: Harmony | Genres: thriller, animation, science fiction | Overview: Set in a future world. Japan has created a great medical technology that controls ethics, health, and social interaction to create a perfect world. Three young girls attempt to stand up to this by committing suicide, but it doesn't work. Years later, Tuan, one of the girls who attempted suicide must prevent a crisis that threatens this ""perfect"" world."
Title: Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold | Genres: adventure, action, comedy | Overview: After his brother Robeson disappears without a trace while exploring Africa in search of a legendary 'white tribe', Allan Quatermain decides to follow in his footsteps to learn what became of him. Soon after arriving, he discovers the Lost City of Gold, controlled by the evil lord Agon, and mined by his legions of white slaves.
Title: Jackie Brown | Genres: crime, thriller, drama | Overview: Jackie Brown is a flight attendant who gets caught in the middle of smuggling cash into the country for her gunrunner boss. When the cops try to use Jackie to get to her boss, she hatches a plan — with help from a bail bondsman — to keep the money for herself.
Title: Monster High: Frights, Camera, Action! | Genres: family, animation, fantasy | Overview: When Draculaura is led to believe she's the rightful heir to the vampire throne, she and her best ghoulfriends are whisked away to Transylvania for a royal coronation to die for. But they soon discover the hunt for the queen is not over yet. The Ghouls must locate an ancient artifact known as the Vampire's Heart in order to discover the identity of the true Vampire Queen. It's a fangtastic adventure that will lead them from the Tower of Londoom, to a haunted river boat in New Goreleans and finally to the glamorous boo-vie lots of Hauntlywood. Could this be the moment when Draculara finally receives her vampire powers and discovers screams really can come true?
Title: The Maltese Falcon | Genres: mystery, crime, thriller | Overview: A private detective takes on a case that involves him with three eccentric criminals, a beautiful liar, and their quest for a priceless statuette.
Title: Run Lola Run | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: Lola receives a phone call from her boyfriend Manni. He lost 100,000 DM in a subway train that belongs to a very bad guy. She has 20 minutes to raise this amount and meet Manni. Otherwise, he will rob a store to get the money. Three different alternatives may happen depending on some minor event along Lola's run.
Title: This Little Love of Mine | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Laura Price is a successful San Francisco lawyer on the cusp of promotion – a far cry from her childhood growing up on a tropical island with best friends Chip and Gem. When the firm’s biggest client – Chip’s grandfather – asks Laura to travel to the island and deliver a contract to make Chip his heir, she leaves behind her practice and fiancé Owen to convince her childhood friend to sign a contract that will make him a billionaire.
Title: Sleeping Beauties | Genres: fantasy, comedy | Overview: Awakened from a curse after 400 years, Sleeping Beauty (Sarah Hunter) marvels at the wonders of the new century. She falls in love with a famous architect who is working to restore the castle she once lived in, but finds there are enemies plotting against her. Giving in to her long pent-up sexual desires, Beauty cannot resist the lustful advances of both men and women and after 400 years, she's ready to explore everything and everyone!
Title: The Punisher | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: The avenging angel of Marvel Comics fame comes brilliantly to life in this searing action-adventure thriller! Dolph Lundgren stars as Frank Castle, a veteran cop who loses his entire family to a mafia car bomb. His ex-partner believes Castle survived the blast and became the Punisher, living in the sewers and exacting vigilante violence against mob bosses throughout the city. When the populace is caught in the midst of a gang war that he caused, Castle must again emerge from the shadows and save the innocent.
Title: In the Name of the Father | Genres: drama | Overview: A small time thief from Belfast, Gerry Conlon, is falsely implicated in the IRA bombing of a pub that kills several people while he is in London. He and his four friends are coerced by British police into confessing their guilt. Gerry's father and other relatives in London are also implicated in the crime. He spends fifteen years in prison with his father trying to prove his innocence.
Title: Misbehaviour | Genres: drama, history, comedy | Overview: A group of women involved in the Women's Liberation Movement hatched a plan to invade the stage and disrupt the live broadcast at the 1970 Miss World competition in London, resulting in overnight fame for the newly-formed organization. When the show resumed, the results caused an uproar and turned the Western ideal of beauty on its head.
Title: Ken Park | Genres: drama | Overview: Ken Park focuses on several teenagers and their tormented home lives. Shawn seems to be the most conventional. Tate is brimming with psychotic rage; Claude is habitually harassed by his brutish father and coddled, rather uncomfortably, by his enormously pregnant mother. Peaches looks after her devoutly religious father, but yearns for freedom. They're all rather tight, or so they claim.
Title: Love | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Murphy is an American living in Paris who enters a highly sexually and emotionally charged relationship with the unstable Electra. Unaware of the seismic effect it will have on their relationship, they invite their pretty neighbor into their bed.
Title: Runaway Bride | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Ike Graham, New York columnist, writes his text always at the last minute. This time, a drunken man in his favourite bar tells Ike about Maggie Carpenter, a woman who always flees from her grooms in the last possible moment. Ike, who does not have the best opinion about females anyway, writes an offensive column without researching the subject thoroughly.
Title: Miami Vice | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: A case involving drug lords and murder in South Florida takes a personal turn for undercover detectives Sonny Crockett and Ricardo Tubbs. Unorthodox Crockett gets involved romantically with the Chinese-Cuban wife of a trafficker of arms and drugs, while Tubbs deals with an assault on those he loves.
Title: Rust Creek | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: When an overachieving college senior makes a wrong turn, her road trip becomes a life-changing fight for survival in rural Kentucky.
Title: Criminal Activities | Genres: thriller, crime, drama | Overview: Four young men make a risky investment together that gets them into trouble with the mob.
Title: Fir Crazy | Genres: comedy, romance, tv movie | Overview: When marketing executive Elise MacKenzie decides to help sell Christmas trees at her family’s Christmas tree lot, she discovers a newfound fondness for the holidays. But all could be lost when the store owner who hosts the tree lot on his block wants to shut it down, and it’s up to Elise to find a way to rekindle his Christmas Cheer.
Title: Bratz | Genres: comedy, music | Overview: The popular Bratz dolls come to life in their first live-action feature film. Finding themselves being pulled further and further apart, the fashionable four band together to fight peer pressure, learn what it means to stand up for your friends, be true to oneself and live out your dreams.
Title: The Ewok Adventure | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy, science fiction, tv movie | Overview: The Towani family civilian shuttlecraft crashes on the forest moon of Endor. The four Towani's are separated. Jermitt and Catarine, the mother and father are captured by the giant Gorax, and Mace and Cindel, the son and daughter, are missing when they are captured. The next day, the Ewok Deej is looking for his two sons when they find Cindel all alone in the shuttle (Mace and Cindel were looking for the transmitter to send a distress call), when Mace appears with his emergency blaster. Eventually, the four-year old Cindel is able to convince the teenage Mace that the Ewoks are nice. Then, the Ewoks and the Towani's go on an adventure to find the elder Towanis.
Title: Lamb | Genres: drama | Overview: Lamb, based on the novel by Bonnie Nadzam, traces the self-discovery of David Lamb in the weeks following the disintegration of his marriage and the death of his father. Hoping to regain some faith in his own goodness, he turns his attention to Tommie, an awkward and unpopular eleven-year-old girl. Lamb is convinced that he can help her avoid a destiny of apathy and emptiness, and takes Tommie for a road trip from Chicago to the Rockies, planning to initiate her into the beauty of the mountain wilderness. The journey shakes them in ways neither expects.
Title: Romeo Must Die | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Two warring gang families (one African-American, the other Chinese) maneuver for bragging rights to the Oakland, California, docks. Hang Sing and Trish O'Day uncover a trail of deceit that leaves most of the warring factions dead … or worse!
Title: Metropolis | Genres: drama, science fiction | Overview: In a futuristic city sharply divided between the working class and the city planners, the son of the city's mastermind falls in love with a working class prophet who predicts the coming of a savior to mediate their differences.
Title: Drunk Parents | Genres: comedy | Overview: Two drunk parents attempt to hide their ever increasing financial difficulties from their daughter and social circle through elaborate neighborhood schemes.
Title: The Ruins | Genres: horror | Overview: Americans Amy, Stacy, Jeff and Eric look for fun during a sunny holiday in Mexico, but they get much more than that after visiting an archaeological dig in the jungle.
Title: Just Married | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Tom Leezak and Sarah McNerney fall in love and plan to get married, despite opposition from Sarah's uptight, rich family. When they do get married, and get a chance to prove Sarah's family wrong, they go on a European honeymoon and run into disaster after disaster. They have to decide whether the honeymoon from hell and a few pre-marital mistakes are worth throwing away their love and marriage.
Title: Next Gen | Genres: animation, action, adventure, family | Overview: A friendship with a top-secret robot turns a lonely girl's life into a thrilling adventure as they take on bullies, evil bots and a scheming madman.
Title: 13 Sins | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Drowning in debt as he's about to get married, a bright but meek salesman receives a mysterious phone call informing him that he's on a hidden-camera game show where he must execute 13 tasks to receive a multi-million dollar cash prize.
Title: The Lighthouse of the Orcas | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A mother travels to Patagonia with her autistic son with the hope that a ranger and a pod of wild orcas can help him find an emotional connection.
Title: Police Story: Lockdown | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A man looking for the release of a long-time prisoner takes a police officer, his daughter, and a group of strangers hostage.
Title: Cube | Genres: thriller, science fiction, mystery | Overview: A group of strangers find themselves trapped in a maze-like prison. It soon becomes clear that each of them possesses the peculiar skills necessary to escape, if they don't wind up dead first.
Title: 8MM | Genres: thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: A small, seemingly innocuous plastic reel of film leads surveillance specialist Tom Welles down an increasingly dark and frightening path. With the help of the streetwise Max, he relentlessly follows a bizarre trail of evidence to determine the fate of a complete stranger. As his work turns into obsession, he drifts farther and farther away from his wife, family and simple life as a small-town PI.
Title: Mr. Brooks | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: A psychological thriller about a man who is sometimes controlled by his murder-and-mayhem-loving alter ego.
Title: My Friend's Wife | Genres: romance | Overview: I want to spend all night with my friend's wife who is extremely sexy. Jeong-woo is a husband who can't get an erection while his marriage is going down the drain. A friend and his wife from the States suggest a couples trip and Jeong-woo meets his friend's wife Hye-sook who is extremely sexy. His 'package' keeps getting stimlated every time he sees her. He tries to ignore it but every time he sees her, he gets sexual fantasies. Finally, he suggests to his friend, to 'switch' partners...
Title: The Unbearable Lightness of Being | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: Successful surgeon Tomas leaves Prague for an operation, meets a young photographer named Tereza, and brings her back with him. Tereza is surprised to learn that Tomas is already having an affair with the bohemian Sabina, but when the Soviet invasion occurs, all three flee to Switzerland. Sabina begins an affair, Tom continues womanizing, and Tereza, disgusted, returns to Czechoslovakia. Realizing his mistake, Tomas decides to chase after her.
Title: Waves | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: A controlling father’s attempts to ensure that his two children succeed in high school backfire after his son experiences a career-ending sports injury. Their familial bonds are eventually placed under severe strain by an unexpected tragedy.
"Title: Macross: Do You Remember Love? | Genres: animation, science fiction, war, action, romance, music | Overview: It is A.D. 2009 and the human race is caught in a war between giant humanoids, male Zentrans and female Meltrans. Returning from the edge of our solar system after making a space fold, the SDF-1 Macross makes the long journey back to Earth with survivors of South Ataria Island. ""Macross: Do You Remember Love?"" is an alternate re-telling of the events that occurred in the original 1982 TV series."
Title: Grabbers | Genres: science fiction, comedy, thriller, horror, mystery | Overview: Something sinister has come to the shores of Erin Island, unbeknownst to the quaint population of this sleepy fishing village resting somewhere off Ireland’s coast. First, some fishermen go missing. Then there is the rash of whale carcasses suddenly washing up on the beach. When the murders start, it’s up to two mismatched cops – an irresponsible alcoholic and his new partner, a by-the-book woman from the mainland – to protect the townsfolk from the giant, bloodsucking, tentacled aliens that prey upon them. Their only weapon, they discover, is booze. If they want to survive the creatures’ onslaught, everyone will have to get very, very drunk!
Title: Chaos | Genres: drama, action, crime | Overview: In Seattle, detective Quentin Conners is unfairly suspended and his partner Jason York leaves the police force after a tragic shooting on Pearl Street Bridge, when the hostage and the criminal die. During a bank heist with a hostage situation, Conners is assigned in charge of the operation with the rookie Shane Dekker as his partner. The thieves, lead by Lorenz, apparently do not steal a penny from the bank. While chasing the gangsters, the police team disclose that they planted a virus in the system, stealing one billion dollars from the different accounts, using the principle of the Chaos Theory. Further, they find that Lorenz is killing his accomplices.
"Title: Berlin Drifters | Genres: drama | Overview: Kôichi is a Japanese man living alone in Berlin. He has no job and hardly any friends. One night Kôichi meets Ryota at a bar which is also a sex club. Ryota came to Berlin to visit a German guy whom he had ""met"" on a dating app. His high hopes for romance (and marriage?) were quickly crushed since the German was only interested in sex, not even letting Ryota stay for the night. That is why Ryota ended up spending the night in the dark room of the sex club. Kôichi for some reason lets Ryota stay at his apartment. They have sex. Ryota goes out almost everyday to get laid by various local men and comes home to Kôichi's. Increasingly caught up with a strange feeling that is akin to but not quite frustration or curiosity (needless to say, it is not even close to love), Kôichi gradually gives himself up to sex with Ryota."
Title: Puella Magi Madoka Magica the Movie Part III: Rebellion | Genres: mystery, animation, fantasy | Overview: Following Madoka's rewriting of the universe, sacrificing herself and her happy normal days to save all magical girls from the cruel fate that awaited them by wiping witches out of existence, the despair still manifest into creatures known as nightmares. Magical girl Homura Akemi continues to fight alone in the hope that she will be able to see Madoka smile again.
Title: After the Rain | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Akira Tachibana is a 17-year-old high school student. She was once a promising athlete, but an injury has prevented her from taking part in track and field. One day, Akira Tachibana goes to a family restaurant and the manager talks to her in a tender voice. This makes Akira Tachibana begin working part-time at the restaurant. The manager is 45-year-old Masami Kondo and he is divorced with a child. Akira Tachibana falls in love with him. --asianwiki
Title: Denial | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Acclaimed writer and historian Deborah E. Lipstadt must battle for historical truth to prove the Holocaust actually occurred when David Irving, a renowned denier, sues her for libel.
Title: Perras | Genres: thriller, drama, romance | Overview: Something terrible is happening in class 3A at Calmecatl Junior High. No one can leave the classroom until the guilty party is found. This is the device that gives us a glimpse of the ethics, games, esthetics and eroticism of these girl-women. It is not easy to say what the subject is, there are so many: the discovery of sexuality, discrimination, chance, drugs, maternity, traditions, betrayals, power, love. A mural of a complex reality from the point of view of twenty-something women in the skin of 14 to 15 year old girls.
Title: S. Darko | Genres: thriller, crime, science fiction, mystery | Overview: S. Darko follows Samantha Darko, the younger sister of Donnie, the protagonist of Donnie Darko, and her friend Corey. On their way to California, their car breaks down, forcing them to wait in a small town until it is fixed. While there, Samantha begins to have dreams that warn her of the end of the universe.
Title: The Crow: Salvation | Genres: action, thriller, crime, fantasy, mystery | Overview: Alex Corvis returns to the world of the living to avenge the murder of his girlfriend, who he was wrongly accused of killing. But first he must uncover the truth about who really killed her.
Title: Romancing the Stone | Genres: adventure, action, comedy, romance | Overview: Though she can spin wild tales of passionate romance, novelist Joan Wilder has no life of her own. Then one day adventure comes her way in the form of a mysterious package. It turns out that the parcel is the ransom she'll need to free her abducted sister, so Joan flies to South America to hand it over. But she gets on the wrong bus and winds up hopelessly stranded in the jungle.
Title: Velvet Buzzsaw | Genres: thriller, mystery, horror | Overview: Big money artists and mega-collectors pay a high price when art collides with commerce. After a series of paintings by an unknown artist are discovered, a supernatural force enacts revenge on those who have allowed their greed to get in the way of art.
Title: Sissi: The Young Empress | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: Sissi is now the empress of Austria and attempts to learn etiquette. While she is busy being empress she also has to deal with her difficult new mother-in-law, while the arch-duchess Sophie is trying to tell the emperor how to rule and also Sissi how to be a mother.
"Title: Get Shorty | Genres: comedy, thriller, crime | Overview: Chili Palmer is a Miami mobster who gets sent by his boss, the psychopathic ""Bones"" Barboni, to collect a bad debt from Harry Zimm, a Hollywood producer who specializes in cheesy horror films. When Chili meets Harry's leading lady, the romantic sparks fly. After pitching his own life story as a movie idea, Chili learns that being a mobster and being a Hollywood producer really aren't all that different."
Title: The Forgotten | Genres: thriller, drama, horror, mystery, science fiction | Overview: Telly Paretta is a grieving mother struggling to cope with the loss of her 8-year-old son. She is stunned when her psychiatrist reveals that she has created eight years of memories about a son she never had. But when she meets a man who has had a similar experience, Telly embarks on a search to prove her son's existence, and her sanity.
Title: Love Hurts | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Family and friends try to sabotage the budding romance between a young upper class girl and a humble student.
Title: Certain Women | Genres: drama | Overview: Three strong-willed women strive to forge their own paths amidst the wide-open plains of the American Northwest: a lawyer forced to subdue a troubled client; a wife and mother whose plans to construct her dream home reveal fissures in her marriage; and a lonely ranch hand who forms an ambiguous bond with a young law student.
Title: Exit Wounds | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Maverick cop Orin Boyd always brings down the domestic terrorists he tracks, but he ruffles feathers with his unorthodox techniques -- and soon finds himself reassigned to the toughest district in Detroit. When he discovers a group of detectives secretly operating a drug ring, Boyd joins forces with an unlikely ally -- gangster Latrell Walker -- to bring down the rotten cops.
"Title: Monster High: Ghouls Rule | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Monster High: Ghouls Rule unearths an old conflict between ""Normies"" and monsters - and things are about to get scary! For years, students at Monster High were warned that Halloween was a night to stay inside and avoid conflict at all costs. But Frankie and her friends discover that ghouls and ""Normies"" once loved to spend the holiday together! The ghouls decide to turn back the clock and use the night to celebrate their individuality and show that it's okay to ""Be Yourself. Be Unique. Be a Monster!"""
Title: High Plains Drifter | Genres: western, drama, mystery | Overview: A gunfighting stranger comes to the small settlement of Lago. After gunning down three gunmen who tried to kill him, the townsfolk decide to hire the Stranger to hold off three outlaws who are on their way.
Title: The Shaggy Dog | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: The tale of a workaholic dad-turned-dog who finds that being man's best friend shows him the most important job - being a great dad.
Title: The Game | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: In honor of his birthday, San Francisco banker Nicholas Van Orton, a financial genius and a cold-hearted loner, receives an unusual present from his younger brother, Conrad: a gift certificate to play a unique kind of game. In nary a nanosecond, Nicholas finds himself consumed by a dangerous set of ever-changing rules, unable to distinguish where the charade ends and reality begins.
Title: Burnt | Genres: drama | Overview: Adam Jones is a Chef who destroyed his career with drugs and diva behavior. He cleans up and returns to London, determined to redeem himself by spearheading a top restaurant that can gain three Michelin stars.
Title: All Dogs Go to Heaven | Genres: drama, animation, family, comedy, fantasy | Overview: When a casino owning dog named Charlie is murdered by his rival Carface, he finds himself in Heaven basically by default since all dogs go to heaven. However, since he wants to get back at his killer, he cons his way back to the living with the warning that doing that damns him to Hell. Once back, he teams with his old partner, Itchy to prep his retaliation. He also stumbles on to an orphan girl who can talk to the animals, thus allowing him to get the inside info on the races to ensure his wins to finance his plans. However, all the while, he is still haunted by nightmares on what's waiting for him on the other side unless he can prove that he is worthy of Heaven again.
Title: Careful What You Wish For | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A guy gets more than he bargained for after entering into an affair with the wife of an investment banker. Soon, a suspicious death and substantial life insurance policy embroil him in a scandal.
"Title: Pray Away | Genres: documentary | Overview: In the 1970s, five men struggling with being gay in their Evangelical church started a bible study to help each other leave the ""homosexual lifestyle."" They quickly received over 25,000 letters from people asking for help and formalized as Exodus International, the largest and most controversial conversion therapy organization in the world. But leaders struggled with a secret: their own “same-sex attractions” never went away. After years as Christian superstars in the religious right, many of these men and women have come out as LGBTQ, disavowing the very movement they helped start. Focusing on the dramatic journeys of former conversion therapy leaders, current members, and a survivor, PRAY AWAY chronicles the “ex gay"" movement’s rise to power, persistent influence, and the profound harm it causes."
Title: Doraemon: Nobita and the Space Heroes | Genres: comedy, animation, family, adventure, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: One day Doraemon, Nobita, Shizuka, Gian and Suneo were shooting a film as space heroes. When they were shooting the film in the open lot a boy called Aron comes and alerts them of aliens attacking his planet. They agree to help him by turning into real superheroes, but it isn't as easy as it looks.
"Title: Harry and the Hendersons | Genres: comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: Returning from a hunting trip in the forest, the Henderson family's car hits an animal in the road. At first they fear it was a man, but when they examine the ""body"" they find it's a ""bigfoot"". They think it's dead so they decide to take it home (there could be some money in this). As you guessed, it isn't dead. Far from being the ferocious monster they fear ""Harry"" to be, he's a friendly giant."
Title: Lupin the Third: Goemon's Blood Spray | Genres: animation, action, crime | Overview: A yakuza boss hires Goemon Ishikawa, a modern day samurai, to protect him aboard his cruise ship casino. Everything goes sideways when the famous thief, Lupin the Third, tries to rob the vessel. Lupin's being hunted by a powerful and mysterious man: the so called “Ghost of Bermuda.” With Goemon's employer dead in the ensuing chaos, his honor is at stake, and the only way to preserve it is with blood. But this opponent is like no other, and to make things right, Goemon may need to sharpen not only his sword, but himself as well!
Title: Shortbus | Genres: romance, drama, comedy | Overview: A group of New Yorkers caught up in their romantic/sexual milieu converge at Shortbus, an underground Brooklyn salon infamous for its blend of art, music, politics, and carnality, and loosely inspired by various underground NYC gatherings that took place in the early 2000s. Here, gay couple Jamie (PJ DeBoy) and James (Paul Dawson) meet Ceth (Jay Brannan), a young ex-model and aspiring singer.
Title: Evil | Genres: drama | Overview: Stockholm, the fifties. Though academically bright, violent pupil Erik Ponti is expelled from his state school with the headmaster’s words “there’s only one word for people like you – evil… what you need is a good thrashing, and more”. In fact already Erik frequently receives a ‘good’ thrashing at the hands of his sadistic stepfather – so he is packed off by his mother to boardingschool
Title: Ringu | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A mysterious video has been linked to a number of deaths, and when an inquisitive journalist finds the tape and views it herself, she sets in motion a chain of events that puts her own life in danger.
Title: Time to Hunt | Genres: drama, action, thriller | Overview: Four young men want to leave their dystopian world behind and go to a distant paradise to execute a money robbery, a daring act that will have unexpected consequences.
Title: Hotel Chevalier | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In a Paris hotel room, Jack Whitman lies on a bed. His phone rings; it's a woman on her way to see him, a surprise. She arrives and the complications of their relationship emerge in bits and pieces. Will they make love? Is their relationship over? (A prequel to The Darjeeling Limited, 2007.)
Title: Swat: Unit 887 | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: A non-stop, race against time action packed thriller that follows an elite SWAT Team as they try to stop a domestic terrorist from killing innocent hostages and destroying the city of Los Angeles. With 24 hours left on the clock, the team must rely on their instincts and unique skill set to stop the attack and bring justice.
Title: It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, crime | Overview: A group of strangers come across a man dying after a car crash who proceeds to tell them about the $350,000 he buried in California. What follows is the madcap adventures of those strangers as each attempts to claim the prize for himself.
Title: Muppets Most Wanted | Genres: comedy, adventure, crime, family | Overview: While on a grand world tour, The Muppets find themselves wrapped into an European jewel-heist caper headed by a Kermit the Frog look-alike and his dastardly sidekick.
Title: Psycho | Genres: mystery, thriller, horror | Overview: A young female embezzler arrives at the Bates Motel, which has terrible secrets of its own. Although this version is in color, features a different cast, and is set in 1998, it is closer to a shot-for-shot remake than most remakes, Gus Van Sant often copying Hitchcock's camera movements and editing, and Joseph Stefano's script is mostly carried over. Bernard Herrmann's musical score is reused as well, though with a new arrangement by Danny Elfman and recorded in stereo.
Title: Cold Mountain | Genres: adventure, drama, history, romance | Overview: In this classic story of love and devotion set against the backdrop of the American Civil War, a wounded Confederate soldier named W.P. Inman deserts his unit and travels across the South, aiming to return to his young wife, Ada, who he left behind to tend their farm. As Inman makes his perilous journey home, Ada struggles to keep their home intact with the assistance of Ruby, a mysterious drifter sent to help her by a kindly neighbor.
Title: Jackass Shark Week | Genres: comedy, action, documentary | Overview: Johnny Knoxville sends Steve-O, Chris Pontius, and new Jackass cast members on a Shark Week mission for the ages. They'll dial up a series of shark stunts that test their bravery and threshold of pain as they put common shark myths to the test.
Title: The Haunting in Connecticut | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: When the Campbell family moves to upstate Connecticut, they soon learn that their charming Victorian home has a disturbing history: not only was the house a transformed funeral parlor where inconceivable acts occurred, but the owner's clairvoyant son Jonah served as a demonic messenger, providing a gateway for spiritual entities to crossover.
"Title: Firestarter | Genres: horror, thriller, science fiction | Overview: As youths, Andy McGee and his future wife, Vicky, participated in secret experiments, allowing themselves to be subjected to mysterious medical tests. Years later, the couple's daughter, Charlie, begins to exhibit the ability of setting fires solely with her mind. This volatile talent makes the youngster extremely dangerous and soon she becomes a target for the enigmatic agency known as ""The Shop."""
Title: Green Street Hooligans: Underground | Genres: action, drama | Overview: An old firm leader returns to Green Street for revenge after receiving a call that his little brother was killed, but is he able to cope with a new type of hooliganism and can he find his killer?
Title: Iblis Dalam Kandungan | Genres: horror | Overview: After 15 years of marriage and adopting two brothers Alani and Vito, Amelia became pregnant. In order to take care of his wife, who also suffers from high blood pressure, Verdi the husband, moved from Jakarta to a plantation company at the foot of Mount Salak. Problems arise when the house they live in appears by the spirit of a woman who in the past lost a baby in her womb due to a mystical event. Now the spirit has come, trying to penetrate into Amelia's body to judge the baby in her womb. Vito and Alani, who realize the danger, try to protect their mother even though they have to face a life-threatening threat. But as it turned out, the woman's spirit was the only danger he faced. There are other, more sinister forces that have never been thought of before.
Title: Bullet to the Head | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: After watching their respective partners die, a cop and a hitman form an alliance in order to bring down their common enemy.
Title: Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: Mickey, Minnie, and their famous friends Goofy, Donald, Daisy and Pluto gather together to reminisce about the love, magic and surprises in three wonder-filled stories of Christmas past.
Title: Words on Bathroom Walls | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Diagnosed with a mental illness halfway through his senior year of high school, a witty, introspective teen struggles to keep it a secret while falling in love with a brilliant classmate who inspires him to open his heart and not be defined by his condition.
"Title: Awakenings | Genres: drama | Overview: Dr. Malcolm Sayer, a shy research physician, uses an experimental drug to ""awaken"" the catatonic victims of a rare disease. Leonard is the first patient to receive the controversial treatment. His awakening, filled with awe and enthusiasm, proves a rebirth for Sayer too, as the exuberant patient reveals life's simple but unutterably sweet pleasures to the introverted doctor."
Title: August Rush | Genres: family, drama, music | Overview: An orphaned musical prodigy uses his gift as a clue to finding his birth parents.
"Title: The Third Man | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: In postwar Vienna, Austria, Holly Martins, a writer of pulp Westerns, arrives penniless as a guest of his childhood chum Harry Lime, only to learn he has died. Martins develops a conspiracy theory after learning of a ""third man"" present at the time of Harry's death, running into interference from British officer Major Calloway, and falling head-over-heels for Harry's grief-stricken lover, Anna."
Title: Batman vs. Two-Face | Genres: action, animation, comedy | Overview: Former Gotham City District Attorney Harvey Dent, one side of his face scarred by acid, goes on a crime spree based on the number '2'. All of his actions are decided by the flip of a defaced, two-headed silver dollar.
Title: Motherless Brooklyn | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: New York City, 1957. Lionel Essrog, a private detective living with Tourette syndrome, tries to solve the murder of his mentor and best friend, armed only with vague clues and the strength of his obsessive mind.
Title: Reign of Fire | Genres: adventure, action, fantasy | Overview: In post-apocalyptic England, an American volunteer and a British survivor team up to fight off a brood of fire-breathing dragons seeking to return to global dominance after centuries of rest underground. The Brit -- leading a clan of survivors to hunt down the King of the Dragons -- has much at stake: His mother was killed by a dragon, but his love is still alive.
Title: Adventures in Babysitting | Genres: comedy | Overview: When plans with her boyfriend fall through, high school senior Chris Parker ends up babysitting the Anderson kids, Brad and Sara. What should be a quiet night in, however, turns into a series of ridiculous exploits, starting when they leave the house to pick up Chris' friend Brenda. Soon, Brad's buddy Daryl is involved, and the group must contend with car thieves, blues musicians and much more.
Title: Zombies | Genres: horror, action, thriller, mystery | Overview: When the world is in shambles, plagued by a zombie outbreak, only the strong will survive, but just how much determination will it take? Will Luke and his crew have enough ambition and ammunition to stay alive long enough to save the human race?
Title: Felon | Genres: action, crime, drama, mystery | Overview: A family man convicted of killing an intruder must cope with life afterward in the violent penal system.
Title: The Whole Truth | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A defense attorney works to get his teenage client acquitted of murdering his wealthy father.
Title: Playing with Love | Genres: drama | Overview: Laura and Fabrizio have been meeting every summer in the forest by her parent's summer home. Fabrizio is a solitary boy with only his dog for company; Laura a sweet but unconfident child. This summer new aspects enter into their story as both are growing up. Laura is falling in love with Fabrizio, while he displays a new sexual awareness of her masked by his malice. Things develop further when they meet Sylvia who, unlike the innocent Laura, is confident and assertive. Fabrizio develops a fascination with her, eventually bribing Laura to fetch her to the forest to join them in play.
Title: Mortal Kombat: Rebirth | Genres: action, fantasy | Overview: MORTAL KOMBAT: REBIRTH is a short film released by Kevin Tancharoen (Director) in 2010. It was originally made as a proof of concept for Tancharoen's pitch to Warner Brothers for a reboot movie franchise. This 8-minute short features an intricate fight scene choreographed by Larnell Stovall. It also reintroduces classic Mortal Kombat characters, including: Jax (Michael Jai White), Sonya Blade (Jeri Ryan), Johnny Cage (Matt Mullins), Scorpion (Ian Anthony Dale), Baraka (Lateef Crowder) and Shang Tsung (James Lew).
Title: The Beach | Genres: drama, adventure, romance, thriller | Overview: Twenty-something Richard travels to Thailand and finds himself in possession of a strange map. Rumours state that it leads to a solitary beach paradise, a tropical bliss - excited and intrigued, he sets out to find it.
Title: Almost Famous | Genres: drama, music | Overview: In 1973, 15-year-old William Miller's unabashed love of music and aspiration to become a rock journalist lands him an assignment from Rolling Stone magazine to interview and tour with the up-and-coming band, Stillwater.
Title: Clouds | Genres: music, drama, romance | Overview: Young musician Zach Sobiech discovers his cancer has spread, leaving him just a few months to live. With limited time, he follows his dream and makes an album, unaware that it will soon be a viral music phenomenon.
"Title: Scooby-Doo! Frankencreepy | Genres: mystery, animation, family, comedy | Overview: Scooby-Doo and those ""meddling kids"" Shaggy, Fred, Daphne and Velma are back in this all-new original movie! Velma discovers she's inherited her great-great-uncle Dr. Von Dinkenstein’s cursed castle in the terrifying town of Transylvania…Pennsylvania, that is. Just when the Gang persuades Velma to go claim her inheritance, the ghost of Dinkenstein Castle blows up the Mystery Machine as a warning! Now the Crew must spring back into action, but this time it's personal! Who's responsible for the Dinkenstein monster? What family secret has Velma been hiding? Will Fred recover from the loss of his beloved Mystery Machine? Can any helpless snack survive Scooby and Shaggy's monster-sized appetites? This Scooby-Doo adventure has enough spooky fun to make the whole family come alive!"
"Title: My Own Private Idaho | Genres: drama, adventure | Overview: In this loose adaptation of Shakespeare's ""Henry IV,"" Mike Waters is a gay hustler afflicted with narcolepsy. Scott Favor is the rebellious son of a mayor. Together, the two travel from Portland, Oregon to Idaho and finally to the coast of Italy in a quest to find Mike's estranged mother. Along the way they turn tricks for money and drugs, eventually attracting the attention of a wealthy benefactor and sexual deviant."
"Title: Nothing but Trouble | Genres: comedy, adventure | Overview: While attempting to seduce gorgeous lawyer Diane Lightson, wealthy gadabout Chris Thorne agrees to drive her to Atlantic City, N.J. But, when some reckless driving draws the attention of a deeply critical cop, they and the flamboyant ""Brazillionaires"" who tagged along end up in the court of a grotesque and vengeful judge, who has a special vendetta against the wealthy and erudite."
Title: Get the Grift | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: After a botched scam, Clóvis bumps into Lohane, his estranged foster sister. In a bind, they soon realize the only way out is to band together.
Title: Dance of the Forty One | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Mexico City, November 1901. The police raid a private home where a secret party is being held. Among those attending is the son-in-law of President Porfirio Díaz.
Title: Tully | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Marlo, a mother of three, including a newborn, is gifted a night nanny by her brother. Hesitant at first, she quickly forms a bond with the thoughtful, surprising, and sometimes challenging nanny named Tully.
Title: Another Earth | Genres: drama, science fiction | Overview: On the night of the discovery of a duplicate Earth in the Solar system, an ambitious young student and an accomplished composer cross paths in a tragic accident.
Title: Frankenstein | Genres: drama, horror, science fiction | Overview: Dr. Henry Frankenstein attempts to create life by assembling a creature from body parts of the deceased. Aided by his loyal misshapen assistant, Fritz, Frankenstein succeeds in animating his monster, but, confused and traumatized, it escapes into the countryside and begins to wreak havoc. Frankenstein searches for the elusive being and eventually must confront his tormented creation.
Title: Dogville | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A barren soundstage is stylishly utilized to create a minimalist small-town setting in which a mysterious woman named Grace hides from the criminals who pursue her. The town is two-faced and offers to harbor Grace as long as she can make it worth their effort, so Grace works hard under the employ of various townspeople to win their favor. Tensions flare, however, and Grace's status as a helpless outsider provokes vicious contempt and abuse from the citizens of Dogville.
Title: The Fly II | Genres: horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Martin Brundle, born of the human/fly, is adopted by his father's place of employment (Bartok Inc.) while the employees simply wait for his mutant chromosomes to come out of their dormant state.
Title: Petals on the Wind | Genres: tv movie, romance, thriller | Overview: This sequel to Flowers in the Attic picks up 10 years after Cathy, Chris and Carrie managed to escape Foxworth Hall.
Title: Boat Trip | Genres: comedy | Overview: Two guys whose love lives are a wreck look forward to finding ladies on the high seas. Unfortunately, they've mistakenly been booked on a gay cruise.
Title: Visitor Q | Genres: comedy, drama, horror, thriller | Overview: In a dysfunctional family where the mother is a heroin addict and prostitute, beaten by her son, and the father is an ex-TV reporter, sleeping with his daughter and filming his son being beaten up, ‘Q’, a complete stranger enters the bizarre family, changing their lives for the better, finding a balance in their disturbing natures.
Title: Fire with Fire | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A fireman takes an unexpected course of action when a man whom he's been ordered to testify against—after being held up at a local convenience store—threatens him.
Title: Boy Missing | Genres: mystery, thriller | Overview: When her son's alleged kidnapper is released for lack of solid evidence, a reputable and well-known attorney takes matters into her own hands with unintended and spectacularly disastrous consequences.
Title: 1492: Conquest of Paradise | Genres: action, adventure, drama, history | Overview: 1492: Conquest of Paradise depicts Christopher Columbus’ discovery of The New World and his effect on the indigenous people.
Title: Of Gods and Men | Genres: drama, history | Overview: French drama based on the 1996 kidnapping and killing of seven monks in Algeria. A group of Trappist monks reside in the monastery of Tibhirine in Algeria, where they live in harmony with the largely muslim population. When a bloody conflict between Algeria's army and Muslim Jihadi insurgents disrupts the peace, they are forced to consider fleeing the monastery and deserting the villagers they have ministered to. In the face of deadly violence the monks wrestle with their faith and their convictions, eventually deciding to stay and help their neighbours keep the army and the insurgents at bay.
Title: The Seven Deadly Sins: Prisoners of the Sky | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, animation | Overview: Traveling in search of the rare ingredient, “sky fish” Meliodas and Hawk arrive at a palace that floats above the clouds. The people there are busy preparing a ceremony, meant to protect their home from a ferocious beast that awakens once every 3,000 years. But before the ritual is complete, the Six Knights of Black—a Demon Clan army—removes the seal on the beast, threatening the lives of everyone in the Sky Palace.
Title: The Blob | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: Remake of the 1958 horror sci-fi about a deadly blob which is the spawn of a secret government germ warfare project which consumes everyone in its path. Teenagers try in vain to warn the townsfolk, who refuse to take them seriously, while government agents try to cover up the evidence and confine the creature.
Title: Assimilate | Genres: horror, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Three friends making a web series about their town discover that their neighbors are being killed and replaced by creatures who are perfect copies of their victims.
Title: Intimacy | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Jay, a failed musician, walked out of his family and now earns a living as head bartender in a trendy London pub. Every Wednesday afternoon a woman comes to his house for graphic, almost wordless, sex. One day Jay follows her and finds out about the rest of her life (and that her name is Claire). This eventually disrupts their relationship.
Title: Hulk vs. Wolverine | Genres: animation, action, science fiction, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Department H sends in Wolverine to track down a mysterious beast known by the US Military as the Hulk, who is rampaging across the Canadian wilderness. Surveying the extent of the damage to a destroyed town, Wolverine notices a toxic scent as well as the smell of gunpowder. He is then deployed to the wilderness to resume tracking the creature.
Title: The Chorus | Genres: drama | Overview: Set in 1940s France, a new teacher at a school for disruptive boys gives hope and inspiration.
Title: Battleship Potemkin | Genres: drama, history | Overview: A dramatized account of a great Russian naval mutiny and a resultant public demonstration, showing support, which brought on a police massacre. The film had an incredible impact on the development of cinema and is a masterful example of montage editing.
Title: The Great Debaters | Genres: drama | Overview: The true story of a brilliant but politically radical debate team coach who uses the power of words to transform a group of underdog African-American college students into a historical powerhouse that took on the Harvard elite.
Title: The Skeleton Key | Genres: drama, horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: A hospice nurse working at a spooky New Orleans plantation home finds herself entangled in a mystery involving the house's dark past.
Title: A Night at the Roxbury | Genres: comedy, music, romance | Overview: Despite being well into adulthood, brothers Doug and Steve Butabi still live at home and work in the flower shop owned by their dad. They exist only to hit on women at discos, though they're routinely unsuccessful until a chance run-in with Richard Grieco gets them inside the swank Roxbury club. Mistaken for high rollers, they meet their dream women, Vivica and Cambi, and resolve to open a club of their own.
Title: Climax | Genres: drama, horror, music | Overview: Young dancers gather in a remote and empty school building to rehearse on a cold and wintry night. The all-night celebration soon turns into a hallucinatory nightmare when they learn that their sangria is laced with LSD.
Title: Paperhouse | Genres: drama, fantasy, horror | Overview: A young girl lost in the loneliness and boredom of reality finds solace in an ill boy, whom she can visit in a surreal dream world that she drew in her school composition book.
Title: The Fog | Genres: horror | Overview: Strange things begin to occurs as a tiny California coastal town prepares to commemorate its centenary. Inanimate objects spring eerily to life; Rev. Malone stumbles upon a dark secret about the town's founding; radio announcer Stevie witnesses a mystical fire; and hitchhiker Elizabeth discovers the mutilated corpse of a fisherman. Then a mysterious iridescent fog descends upon the village, and more people start to die.
Title: Open Water | Genres: drama, thriller, horror | Overview: Two divers are left out at sea without a boat. There’s nothing but water for miles, unless they look at what’s underneath them...
Title: The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford | Genres: action, drama, western | Overview: Outlaw Jesse James is rumored to be the 'fastest gun in the West'. An eager recruit into James' notorious gang, Robert Ford eventually grows jealous of the famed outlaw and, when Robert and his brother sense an opportunity to kill James, their murderous action elevates their target to near mythical status.
Title: Perfect Stranger | Genres: thriller | Overview: A journalist goes undercover to ferret out businessman Harrison Hill as her best friend's killer. Posing as one of his temps, she enters into a game of online cat-and-mouse.
"Title: The Hungover Games | Genres: comedy | Overview: Each year, drunk people are selected to participate in torturous games the morning after a big night out. There's no sunglasses, no water, and no headache medicine. ""The Hungover Games,"" a film that manages to merge the premises of both ""The Hunger Games"" and ""The Hangover"" and throw in references to ""Ted,"" ""Django Unchained,"" ""The Lord of the Rings,"" ""Carrie,"" ""The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills"" and whatever else crossed the writers' fevered brains during the probably very drunken ""development process."""
Title: Apollo 18 | Genres: horror, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Officially, Apollo 17 was the last manned mission to the moon. But a year later in 1973, three American astronauts were sent on a secret mission to the moon funded by the US Department of Defense. What you are about to see is the actual footage which the astronauts captured on that mission. While NASA denies its authenticity, others say it's the real reason we've never gone back to the moon.
Title: Whindersson Nunes: É de Mim Mesmo | Genres: comedy | Overview: Comedian Whindersson Nunes brings his quirky impersonations and streetwise takes on different cultures to the historic stage of Teatro Amazonas.
Title: Ash & Dust | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: The film is set in a small town where two modest couples find themselves caught up in a game of life & death with a vicious gang after the discovery of a mysterious box buried long ago.
Title: The Life of David Gale | Genres: drama, thriller, crime | Overview: A man against capital punishment is accused of murdering a fellow activist and is sent to death row.
Title: Raging Bull | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The life of boxer Jake LaMotta, whose violence and temper that led him to the top in the ring destroyed his life outside of it.
Title: How Much Do You Love Me? | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: After winning the lottery, François goes to a bar in Pigalle and offers one hundred thousand Euros per month to a prostitute named Daniela to live with him as his wife until his money runs out.
Title: Air Strike | Genres: drama, war, action, adventure | Overview: An American pilot is sent to a Chinese province to teach a crew of would-be pilots how to fly war planes against the Japanese during World War II.
Title: Shaft | Genres: action, crime | Overview: JJ, aka John Shaft Jr., may be a cyber security expert with a degree from MIT, but to uncover the truth behind his best friend’s untimely death, he needs an education only his dad can provide. Absent throughout JJ’s youth, the legendary locked-and-loaded John Shaft agrees to help his progeny navigate Harlem’s heroin-infested underbelly.
Title: The Turning | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A young woman quits her teaching job to be a private tutor for two wealthy young kids, but soon starts to suspect there’s more to their house than what meets the eye.
Title: The Robe | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Marcellus is a tribune in the time of Christ. He is in charge of the group that is assigned to crucify Jesus. Drunk, he wins Jesus' homespun robe after the crucifixion. He is tormented by nightmares and delusions after the event. Hoping to find a way to live with what he has done, and still not believing in Jesus, he returns to Palestine to try and learn what he can of the man he killed.
Title: The Santa Clause 2 | Genres: fantasy, comedy, family | Overview: Better watch out! The big guy in red is coming to town once again. This time, Scott Calvin -- also known as Santa Claus -- finds out there's an obscure clause in his contract requiring him to take on a wife. He has to leave the North Pole to fulfill his obligations, or else he'll be forced to give up his Yuletide gig.
Title: La Haine | Genres: drama | Overview: After a chaotic night of rioting in a marginal suburb of Paris, three young friends, Vinz, Hubert and Saïd, wander around unoccupied waiting for news about the state of health of a mutual friend who has been seriously injured when confronting the police.
Title: Iron Man & Hulk: Heroes United | Genres: action, adventure, animation, family | Overview: The Invincible Iron Man and the Incredible Hulk must join forces to save the Earth from its greatest threat yet! When two Hydra scientists try to supercharge a Stark Arc Reactor with Hulk's Gamma Energy, they unleash a being of pure electricity called Zzzax - and he's hungry for destruction. Together, Iron Man and Hulk are the only force that stands in the way of the Zzzax's planetary blackout. But first, the super heroic duo will have to get through snarling Wendigos, deadly robots and the scaly powerhouse, Abomination. Can two of Marvel's mightiest heroes find a way to work together without smashing each other before time runs out?
"Title: Mr. Right | Genres: comedy, action, romance, crime | Overview: A girl falls for the ""perfect"" guy, who happens to have a very fatal flaw: he's a hitman on the run from the crime cartels who employ him."
Title: Logan's Run | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: In the 23rd century, inhabitants of a domed city freely experience all of life's pleasures- but no one is allowed to live past 30. Citizens can try for a chance at being 'renewed' in a civic ceremony on their 30th birthday. Escape is the only other option.
"Title: Marvel Studios: Assembling a Universe | Genres: tv movie, documentary | Overview: A look at the story behind Marvel Studios and the Marvel Cinematic Universe, featuring interviews and behind-the-scenes footage from all of the Marvel films, the Marvel One-Shots and ""Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D."""
Title: Fire and Ice | Genres: animation, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: In this animated tale, a tiny village is destroyed by a surging glacier, which serves as the deadly domain for the evil Ice Lord, Nekron. The only survivor is a young warrior, Larn, who vows to avenge this act of destruction. The evil continues, however, as Nekron's palace of ice heads straight towards Fire Keep, the great fortress ruled by the good King Jarol. When Jarol's beautiful daughter, Teegra, is abducted by Nekron's sub-human ape-like creatures, Larn begins a daring search for her. What results is a tense battle between good and evil, surrounded by the mystical elements of the ancient past.
Title: Disclosure | Genres: documentary | Overview: An investigation of how Hollywood's fabled stories have deeply influenced how Americans feel about transgender people, and how transgender people have been taught to feel about themselves.
Title: The Gambler | Genres: thriller, crime, drama | Overview: Literature professor Jim Bennett leads a secret life as a high-stakes gambler. Always a risk-taker, Bennett bets it all when he borrows from a gangster and offers his own life as collateral. Staying one step ahead, he pits his creditor against the operator of an illicit gambling ring while garnering the attention of Frank, a paternalistic loan shark. As his relationship with a student deepens, Bennett must risk everything for a second chance.
Title: See No Evil | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A group of delinquents are sent to clean the Blackwell Hotel but little do they know reclusive psychopath Jacob Goodnight has holed away in the rotting hotel. When one of the teens is captured, those who remain band together to survive against the brutal killer.
Title: Gringo | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: An American businessman with a stake in a pharmaceutical company that's about to go public finds his life is thrown into turmoil by an incident in Mexico.
Title: V/H/S/2 | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Inside a darkened house looms a column of TVs littered with VHS tapes, a pagan shrine to forgotten analog gods. The screens crackle and pop endlessly with monochrome vistas of static white noise permeating the brain and fogging concentration. But you must fight the urge to relax: this is no mere movie night. Those obsolete spools contain more than just magnetic tape. They are imprinted with the very soul of evil.
"Title: Cartel Land | Genres: drama, documentary | Overview: In the Mexican state of Michoacán, Dr. Jose Mireles, a small-town physician known as ""El Doctor,"" shepherds a citizen uprising against the Knights Templar, the violent drug cartel that has wreaked havoc on the region for years. Meanwhile, in Arizona's Altar Valley—a narrow, 52-mile-long desert corridor known as Cocaine Alley—Tim ""Nailer"" Foley, an American veteran, heads a small paramilitary group called Arizona Border Recon, whose goal is to halt Mexico’s drug wars from seeping across our border."
Title: Obsession | Genres: romance, thriller | Overview: Simone inherits a dilapidated farmhouse in France and makes her way there with her husband Eric and their two children. Her dream is to turn the house into a bed and breakfast but as the hectic pace of the rebuilding gets underway, she gets caught up in the romance and chaos of it all. Losing sight of her goals, she must find her way back to the dreams and ambitions which brought her there in the first place.
"Title: K: Missing Kings | Genres: animation, fantasy, action | Overview: The ""Academy Island Incident"" in which four ""kings"" cross paths... Since then, Silver Clansmen Kuroh Yatogami and Neko have been searching for their master, Shiro. Without finding any clues to Shiro's whereabouts, the two became disheartened. However, one day, they see HOMRA members Rikio Kamamoto and Anna Kushina being chased by someone."
"Title: Kwaidan | Genres: fantasy, horror, drama | Overview: Taking its title from an archaic Japanese word meaning ""ghost story,"" this anthology adapts four folk tales. A penniless samurai marries for money with tragic results. A man stranded in a blizzard is saved by Yuki the Snow Maiden, but his rescue comes at a cost. Blind musician Hoichi is forced to perform for an audience of ghosts. An author relates the story of a samurai who sees another warrior's reflection in his teacup."
Title: True Grit | Genres: drama, adventure, western | Overview: Following the murder of her father by a hired hand, a 14-year-old farm girl sets out to capture the killer. To aid her, she hires the toughest U.S. Marshal she can find—a man with 'true grit'—Reuben J. 'Rooster' Cogburn.
Title: Open Season 3 | Genres: adventure, animation, family, comedy | Overview: Boog, Elliot, and their forest friends return with an all-new adventure, this time in a Big Top Circus! The comedy begins when Boog's pals choose their family obligations over the annual guy's trip, and a disappointed Boog decides to take a trip of his own, which leads him right into the middle of a circus ring...literally. When he switches places with a devious look-a-like circus grizzly and falls for an alluring Russian troupe member, he'll come to realize that maybe you don't have to choose between family and friendship after all.
Title: The Personal History of David Copperfield | Genres: comedy | Overview: A fresh and distinctive take on Charles Dickens’ semi-autobiographical masterpiece, The Personal History of David Copperfield, set in the 1840s, chronicles the life of its iconic title character as he navigates a chaotic world to find his elusive place within it. From his unhappy childhood to the discovery of his gift as a storyteller and writer, David’s journey is by turns hilarious and tragic, but always full of life, colour and humanity.
Title: Cold Skin | Genres: horror, fantasy, drama | Overview: A young man who arrives at a remote island finds himself trapped in a battle for his life.
Title: Finders Keepers | Genres: mystery, thriller, horror | Overview: A haunted doll teaches one little girl why children shouldn't play with undead things.
Title: Creepshow 2 | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: EC Comics-inspired weirdness returns with three tales. In the first, a wooden statue of a Native American comes to life...to exact vengeance on the murderer of his elderly owners. In the second, four teens are stranded on a raft on a lake with a blob that is hungry. And in the third, a hit and run woman is terrorized by the hitchhiker she accidentally killed...or did she really kill him?
Title: Sexology | Genres: documentary | Overview: In a post-sexual revolution world, roughly one-third of all women have never experienced an orgasm. Armed with shocking sexual data, a bunch of insecurities and a determination to unlock the key to feminine sexual energy, filmmakers Catherine Oxenberg and Gabrielle Anwar seek out sexual experts, tantric masters, researchers, and everyday women to unearth feminism's full potential.
Title: Scooby-Doo! Mask of the Blue Falcon | Genres: animation, comedy, fantasy, adventure, family | Overview: The Mega Mondo Pop Cartoon-a-Con in sunny California marks the spot for mystery in this all-new original Scooby-Doo adventure! Herculoids Frankenstein Jr. and Space Ghost are just a few of the celebrated comic book characters headlining at the unconventional convention plus there's a megabucks movie premiere starring Scooby-Doo and Shaggy's all-time favorite super heroes Blue Falcon and Dynomutt! So when the gruesome villain Mr. Hyde unleashes monster bats howling hounds and sinister slime upon the festivities it's time for Mystery Incorporated to follow the clues and set their monster traps. But it's the pizza-snacking super-powered tag team of Shaggy and Scooby-Doo who tap into their inner super hero to prevent the entire event from being smothered in ghoulish green goo! Like right on Dog Wonder!
Title: Pyewacket | Genres: thriller, horror, drama | Overview: A frustrated, angry teenage girl awakens something in the woods when she naively performs an occult ritual to evoke a witch to kill her mother.
Title: Live by Night | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A story set in the Prohibition Era and centered on a group of individuals and their dealings in the world of organized crime.
Title: Crows Zero II | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Genji and his victorious G.P.S. alliance find themselves facing down a new challenge by the students of Hosen Academy, feared by everyone as 'The Army of Killers.' The two schools, in fact, have a history of bad blood between them. And the simmering embers of hatred are about to flare up again, burning away any last remnants of the truce they had so rigorously observed until now.
Title: The Disappointments Room | Genres: horror, drama, thriller | Overview: A mother and her young son release unimaginable horrors from the attic of their rural dream home.
Title: Gnome Alone | Genres: family, adventure, animation, comedy, fantasy | Overview: When Chloe discovers that her new home's garden gnomes are not what they seem, she must decide between the pursuit of a desired high school life and taking up the fight against the Troggs.
Title: Kiss and Cry | Genres: romance, drama, music, tv movie | Overview: A romantic drama based on the story of Carley Allison, a promising 18 year old figure skater and singer who made medical history in her fight against a rare 1 in 3.5 billion type of sarcoma.
Title: Get Hard | Genres: comedy | Overview: When obscenely rich hedge-fund manager James is convicted of fraud and sentenced to a stretch in San Quentin, the judge gives him one month to get his affairs in order. Knowing that he won't survive more than a few minutes in prison on his own, James desperately turns to Darnell-- a black businessman who's never even had a parking ticket -- for help. As Darnell puts James through the wringer, both learn that they were wrong about many things, including each other.
Title: Percy | Genres: drama | Overview: Percy Schmeiser, a third-generation farmer, gets sued by a corporate giant for allegedly using their patented seeds. With little resources to fight a legal battle, Percy joins forces with up-and-coming attorney Jackson Weaver and environmental activist Rebecca Salcau for a monumental case that leads all the way to the Supreme Court.
Title: Mommy | Genres: drama | Overview: A peculiar neighbor offers hope to a recent widow who is struggling to raise a teenager who is unpredictable and, sometimes, violent.
Title: The Bride of Frankenstein | Genres: drama, horror, science fiction | Overview: After recovering from injuries sustained in the mob attack upon himself and his creation, Dr. Frankenstein falls under the control of his former mentor, Dr. Pretorius, who insists the now-chastened doctor resume his experiments in creating new life. Meanwhile, the Monster remains on the run from those who wish to destroy him without understanding that his intentions are generally good despite his lack of socialization and self-control.
Title: Piranhaconda | Genres: horror, science fiction, comedy | Overview: A hybrid creature - half piranha and half anaconda -- attacks a low-budget horror movie crew on location near her nest when her egg is stolen. Now they must outrun and kill the deadly piranhaconda as well as stop the mad scientist who stole the egg - before they all become dinner.
Title: What We Do in the Shadows | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: Vampire housemates try to cope with the complexities of modern life and show a newly turned hipster some of the perks of being undead.
Title: Spring Breakers | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: After four college girls rob a restaurant to fund their spring break in Florida, they get entangled with a weird dude with his own criminal agenda.
Title: Blue My Mind | Genres: fantasy, drama | Overview: 15-year-old Mia faces an overwhelming transformation which puts her entire existence into question. Her body is changing radically, and despite desperate attempts to halt the process, Mia is soon forced to accept that nature is far more powerful than she is.
Title: A Christmas Carol | Genres: drama, fantasy, tv movie, family | Overview: A bitter old miser who makes excuses for his uncaring nature learns real compassion when three ghosts visit him on Christmas Eve.
Title: The Ouija Exorcism | Genres: horror | Overview: In 1985 an exorcist locked a demonic spirit inside a Ouija board. Now, when his grandson stumbles upon the board game, the evil is unleashed and free to torment those responsible for its banishment.
Title: A Matter of Loaf and Death | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Wallace and Gromit open a bakery, accidentally getting tied up with a murder mystery in the process. But when Wallace falls in love, Gromit is left to solve the case by himself.
Title: The Girl Next Door 2 | Genres: romance | Overview: Her husband Sejin is not interested in his wife Ahae as a woman. Ahae's husband is just heartless. In fact, Sejin is having an affair with Ara's young and beautiful younger brother Ara. After having suffered from depression due to work poisoning, he receives a message from the alumni association, and he changes his mind and attends. There, she meets Ahae, the next-door sister who had a crush on her childhood, and is still fantastic with her pretty appearance. Lonely Aha due to the innocence of her husband and Gunhoo approaching her with counseling. As if they were aware of each other's loneliness, they are attracted to each other and spend one night, returning to each other's daily lives, but after forgetting about the Ahae, the hand of the Ahae Abandonment comes to mind all night. Will they be able to go back to their daily lives?
Title: Hard Boiled | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: A cop who loses his partner in a shoot-out with gun smugglers goes on a mission to catch them. In order to get closer to the leaders of the ring he joins forces with an undercover cop who's working as a gangster hitman. They use all means of excessive force to find them.
Title: 25th Hour | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: In New York City in the days following the events of 9/11, Monty Brogan is a convicted drug dealer about to start a seven-year prison sentence, and his final hours of freedom are devoted to hanging out with his closest buddies and trying to prepare his girlfriend for his extended absence.
Title: *batteries not included | Genres: science fiction, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: In a soon to be demolished block of apartments, the residents resist the criminal methods used to force them to leave so a greedy tycoon can build his new skyscraper. When tiny mechanical aliens land for a recharge, they decide to stay and help out.
Title: Sin tetas no hay paraíso | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: Catalina is a young, beautiful girl living in extreme poverty with her brother Byron and her mother Hilda. She becomes obsessed with getting breast implants to get social status and money. She leaves her boyfriend Albeira and becomes a prostitute for drug dealers. In this way she will enjoy all the luxuries that she lacks. Meanwhile, her ex-boyfriend Albeira and her mother Hilda begin a relationship behind her back.
"Title: Notorious | Genres: music, drama, history | Overview: ""Notorious"" is the story of Christopher Wallace. Through raw talent and sheer determination, Wallace transforms himself from Brooklyn street hustler (once selling crack to pregnant women) to one of the greatest rappers of all time: The Notorious B.I.G. Follow his meteoric rise to fame and his refusal to succumb to expectations - redefining our notion of ""The American Dream."""
Title: Marvel One-Shot: The Consultant | Genres: adventure, fantasy, science fiction, action | Overview: Agent Coulson informs Agent Sitwell that the World Security Council wishes Emil Blonsky to be released from prison to join the Avengers Initiative. As Nick Fury doesn't want to release Blonsky, the two agents decide to send a patsy to sabotage the meeting...
"Title: X-Cross | Genres: action, horror | Overview: Recovering from a failed love affair Shiyori heads to the country, in the company of best friend and bad girl Aiko. Having taken a long soak in the hot spring they retire to their respective cabins. They soon discover that the tranquil village is the home of a cult with a fetish for cutting off female legs. Trying to escape they are split up and keep in touch via their mobile phones. Multiple points of view and time frames keeps the viewer on their toes trying to discern the grisly fate of these ""lost"" girls."
Title: Lock Up | Genres: action, crime | Overview: Frank Leone is nearing the end of his prison term for a relatively minor crime. Just before he is paroled, however, Warden Drumgoole takes charge. Drumgoole was assigned to a hell-hole prison after his administration was publicly humiliated by Leone, and has now arrived on the scene to ensure that Leone never sees the light of day.
Title: Antiporno | Genres: drama | Overview: Young artist Kyoko wreaks havoc on everyone that she encounters, her worst being reserved for simpering older assistant Noriko, whom she routinely humiliates-or at least that's what seems to be happening, before an abrupt about-face.
Title: Forsaken | Genres: western | Overview: John Henry returns to his hometown in hopes of repairing his relationship with his estranged father, but a local gang is terrorizing the town. John Henry is the only one who can stop them, however he has abandoned both his gun and reputation as a fearless quick-draw killer.
Title: Cake | Genres: drama | Overview: After having visions of a member of her support group who killed herself, a woman who also suffers with chronic pain seeks out the widower of the suicide.
Title: Blue Velvet | Genres: drama, crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: The discovery of a severed human ear found in a field leads a young man on an investigation related to a beautiful, mysterious nightclub singer and a group of criminals who have kidnapped her child.
Title: Potter's Ground | Genres: drama, thriller, western | Overview: A former Confederate marauder tries to make a clean start on a Texas dirt farm with his wife and young daughter. He quickly learns that sometimes the past just won't stay buried.
Title: The Idiots | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: With his first Dogma-95 film director Lars von Trier opens up a completely new film platform. With a mix of home-video and documentary styles the film tells the story of a group of young people who have decided to get to know their “inner-idiots” and thus not only facing and breaking their outer appearance but also their inner.
Title: The Sand Pebbles | Genres: adventure, war | Overview: Engineer Jake Holman arrives aboard the gunboat USS San Pablo, assigned to patrol a tributary of the Yangtze in the middle of exploited and revolution-torn 1926 China. His iconoclasm and cynical nature soon clash with the 'rice-bowl' system which runs the ship and the uneasy symbiosis between Chinese and foreigner on the river. Hostility towards the gunboat's presence reaches a climax when the boat must crash through a river-boom and rescue missionaries upriver at China Light Mission.
Title: A Letter to Momo | Genres: comedy, fantasy, animation, drama, family | Overview: A shy 11-year-old's life takes a strange turn when she discovers three hungry goblins living in the attic of her new house. She misses her old life. She misses her father so very much. Until she makes some new ghoulish friends.
Title: A Christmas Prince | Genres: romance, tv movie | Overview: When a reporter goes undercover as a nanny to get the inside scoop on a playboy prince, she gets tangled in some royal intrigue and ends up finding love - but will she be able to keep up her lie?
"Title: Magnum Force | Genres: drama, crime, action | Overview: ""Dirty"" Harry Callahan is a San Francisco Police Inspector on the trail of a group of rogue cops who have taken justice into their own hands. When shady characters are murdered one after another in grisly fashion, only Dirty Harry can stop them."
Title: Tapped Out | Genres: action, drama | Overview: A disgruntled teenager, sent to do community service at a rundown Karate school, enters an MMA tournament to face the man who killed his parents.
"Title: The Snitch Cartel | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: The real life story of Andres Lopez Lopez aka ""Frecita"" during his years involved with the Colombian Cartel aka ""Cartel Norte del Valle"""
Title: Middle Men | Genres: drama, comedy, crime | Overview: Chronicles Jack Harris, one of the pioneers of internet commerce, as he wrestles with his morals and struggles not to drown in a sea of conmen, mobsters, drug addicts, and pornstars.
Title: Dracula's Daughter | Genres: drama, fantasy, horror | Overview: A countess from Transylvania seeks a psychiatrist’s help to cure her vampiric cravings.
Title: Phineas and Ferb: Star Wars | Genres: animation, comedy, family, science fiction, adventure, tv movie | Overview: Phineas and Ferb become the galaxy's unlikeliest last hope when they must return the Death Star plans to the Rebel Alliance.
Title: The Guardian | Genres: drama, action | Overview: A high school swim champion with a troubled past enrolls in the U.S. Coast Guard's 'A' School, where legendary rescue swimmer, Ben Randall teaches him some hard lessons about loss, love, and self-sacrifice.
Title: Dirty Harry | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: When a madman dubbed 'Scorpio' terrorizes San Francisco, hard-nosed cop, Harry Callahan – famous for his take-no-prisoners approach to law enforcement – is tasked with hunting down the psychopath. Harry eventually collars Scorpio in the process of rescuing a kidnap victim, only to see him walk on technicalities. Now, the maverick detective is determined to nail the maniac himself.
Title: Big Gold Brick | Genres: comedy, fantasy | Overview: Recounts the story of fledgling writer Samuel Liston and his experiences with Floyd Deveraux, the enigmatic, middle-aged father of two who enlists Samuel to write his biography.
Title: Stuart Little 3: Call of the Wild | Genres: fantasy, animation, comedy, family | Overview: With school out for the summer, The Littles are vacationing in a cabin by the lake, and Stuart is so excited he could burst! But when Snowbell the cat is captured by a mean-spirited creature known simply as the Beast, it's up to Stuart and a skunk named Reeko to rescue him and a few other friends.
Title: A Very Harold & Kumar Christmas | Genres: comedy | Overview: Six years have elapsed since Guantanamo Bay, leaving Harold and Kumar estranged from one another with very different families, friends and lives. But when Kumar arrives on Harold's doorstep during the holiday season with a mysterious package in hand, he inadvertently burns down Harold's father-in-law's beloved Christmas tree. To fix the problem, Harold and Kumar embark on a mission through New York City to find the perfect Christmas tree, once again stumbling into trouble at every single turn.
Title: The Smurfs: A Christmas Carol | Genres: comedy, family, animation | Overview: When Grouchy Smurf behaves badly to everyone and refuses to celebrate Christmas, the Smurfs of Christmas Past, Present and Future teach him to appreciate Christmas.
Title: Revenge | Genres: romance, thriller, drama | Overview: Michael ‘Jay’ Cochran has just left the Navy after 12 years and he's not quite sure what he's going to do, except that he knows he wants a holiday. He decides to visit Tiburon Mendez, a powerful but shady Mexican businessman who he once flew to Alaska for a hunting trip. Arriving at the Mendez mansion in Mexico, he is immediately surprised by the beauty and youth of Mendez’s wife, Miryea.
Title: Scared Shrekless | Genres: animation, comedy | Overview: Shrek challenges Donkey, Puss in Boots and his other fairy tale character friends to spend the night in Lord Farquaad's haunted castle, telling scary stories to see who can resist becoming scared and stay the longest.
Title: Big Fat Liar | Genres: family, comedy, adventure | Overview: Fourteen-year-old Jason Shepherd has a reputation for stretching the truth. So, when big-time Hollywood producer Marty Wolf steals his class paper and turns it into a smash hit movie, no one believes Jason's latest tall tale! On a cross-country adventure to set the record straight, Jason and best friend Kaylee devise a high-tech plan to squeeze the truth out of Wolf through a series of outrageous pranks, crazy stunts and big laughs. It's payback time!
Title: Spotlight | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The true story of how the Boston Globe uncovered the massive scandal of child molestation and cover-up within the local Catholic Archdiocese, shaking the entire Catholic Church to its core.
Title: Ginger Snaps 2: Unleashed | Genres: drama, horror | Overview: Brigitte has escaped the confines of Bailey Downs but she's not alone. Another werewolf is tailing her closely and her sister's specter haunts her. An overdose of Monkshood - the poison that is keeping her transformation at bay - leads to her being incarcerated in a rehabilitation clinic for drug addicts where her only friend is an eccentric young girl by the name of Ghost.
Title: LEGO DC Comics Super Heroes: Justice League - Attack of the Legion of Doom! | Genres: animation, action, adventure, family, comedy | Overview: Crime is on the run as the newly formed Justice League keeps Metropolis safe and this makes evil genius Lex Luthor very unhappy. Together with Black Manta, Sinestro and a gang of ruthless recruits, Lex builds his own league and declares them the Legion of Doom. With this super powered team of terror and a plan to attack the top-secret government site, Area 52, can Lex finally be on the verge of victory? Sound the alarm and get ready for the bricks to fly when Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman and the rest of the Justice League face off against the world's greatest Super-Villains! It's the next all-new original movie from LEGO® and DC Comics.
Title: Hollow Point | Genres: action | Overview: When his wife and daughter are senselessly murdered, a grieving man finds himself caught up in a war between a group of charismatic vigilantes and the crime that infests their city.
Title: Just My Luck | Genres: comedy, drama, family, fantasy, romance | Overview: Manhattanite Ashley is known to many as the luckiest woman around. After a chance encounter with a down-and-out young man, however, she realizes that she's swapped her fortune for his.
Title: Thoroughbreds | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Two teenage girls in suburban Connecticut rekindle their unlikely friendship after years of growing apart. In the process, they learn that neither is what she seems to be, and that a murder might solve both of their problems.
Title: Volcano | Genres: science fiction, action, drama, thriller | Overview: An earthquake shatters a peaceful Los Angeles morning and opens a fissure deep into the earth, causing lava to start bubbling up. As a volcano begins forming in the La Brea Tar Pits, the director of the city's emergency management service, working with a geologist, must then use every resource in the city to try and stop the volcano from consuming LA.
Title: The Place Beyond the Pines | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: A motorcycle stunt rider considers committing a crime in order to provide for his wife and child, an act that puts him on a collision course with a cop-turned-politician.
Title: Once Upon a Time in China | Genres: action, drama | Overview: Set in late 19th century Canton, this martial arts film depicts the stance taken by the legendary martial arts hero Wong Fei-Hung against foreign forces' plundering of China.
Title: Burning | Genres: mystery, drama, thriller | Overview: Deliveryman Jongsu is out on a job when he runs into Haemi, a girl who once lived in his neighborhood. She asks if he'd mind looking after her cat while she's away on a trip to Africa. On her return she introduces to Jongsu an enigmatic young man named Ben, who she met during her trip. And one day Ben tells Jongsu about his most unusual hobby...
Title: Porno | Genres: drama | Overview: An assassin, a porn dubber and a transgender. Three souls. One explicit illusion. To ﬁnd the ultimate joy in their empty lives. A safe haven, where passion and love mean humanity, ecstasy means enlightenment; and the soul is the ultimate arbiter of the truth.
Title: Naruto: The Cross Roads | Genres: animation | Overview: Naruto: The Cross Roads (Za Kurosurozu) is the sixth Naruto OVA. It uses the same CGI graphics as Naruto: Ultimate Ninja Storm and was released during Naruto: Shippuden. This OVA premiered at the Jump Festa Anime Tour 2009. Between the Prologue - Land of Waves and Chunin Exams arcs, Team 7 is waiting for Kakashi, who is late again, to start a new mission (B-ranked as Sasuke states). The team sets off while Kakashi explains that Genmai from the Inaho Village is missing, who has vanished in the hills.
Title: Cyborg X | Genres: action, horror, science fiction | Overview: After X-Corp, a radical weapons manufacturer, is taken over by a Cyber Virus, a group of survivors must fight to save humanity from the army of Machines the Virus now controls.
Title: Eyes Without a Face | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: Dr. Génessier is riddled with guilt after an accident that he caused disfigures the face of his daughter, the once beautiful Christiane, who outsiders believe is dead. Dr. Génessier, along with accomplice and laboratory assistant Louise, kidnaps young women and brings them to the Génessier mansion. After rendering his victims unconscious, Dr. Génessier removes their faces and attempts to graft them on to Christiane's.
"Title: Next | Genres: action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Las Vegas showroom magician Cris Johnson has a secret which torments him: he can see a few minutes into the future. Sick of the examinations he underwent as a child and the interest of the government and medical establishment in his power, he lies low under an assumed name in Vegas, performing cheap tricks and living off small-time gambling ""winnings."" But when a terrorist group threatens to detonate a nuclear device in Los Angeles, government agent Callie Ferris must use all her wiles to capture Cris and convince him to help her stop the cataclysm."
Title: High Tension | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: Best friends Marie and Alexia decide to spend a quiet weekend at Alexia's parents' secluded farmhouse. But on the night of their arrival, the girls' idyllic getaway turns into an endless night of horror.
Title: Bullet Head | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: A group of career criminals finds itself trapped in a warehouse with the law – and an Attack Dog named DeNiro closing in.
Title: The Garden of Sinners: Future Gospel | Genres: animation, science fiction | Overview: Mirai Fukuin (lit. The Future's Gospel) is a side story of Kara no Kyoukai novel series. It is divided into two parts, Möbius ring, and Möbius Link.
Title: 2022 Tsunami | Genres: action | Overview: 18 years on from the devastating impact of 2004's tsunami, the world still fights to come to terms with this devastating environmental disaster. Little does humanity know that it is about to face the ultimate peril; a monumental death wave annihilating everything in its wake. With the threat of another catastrophic tsunami, Prime Minister Tribhop sets up a national disaster alarm centre. His political future and the lives of his people depend upon the decisions he makes. But no one predicts the enormity of what is about to rise from the Thai Gulf. And no one can out run it this time. The Death Wave is coming
Title: Spartacus | Genres: action, drama | Overview: Sentenced to spend out the rest of his adult life laboring in the harsh deserts of Egypt, the Thracian slave Spartacus gets a new lease on life when he is purchased by the obese owner of a Roman gladiator school. Moved by the defiance of an Ethiopian warrior, Draba, Spartacus leads a slave uprising which threatens Rome's status quo. As Spartacus gains sympathy within the Roman Senate, he also makes a powerful enemy in form of Marcus Lucinius Crassus, who makes it a matter of personal honor to crush the rebellion.
Title: The Professor and the Madman | Genres: history, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Professor James Murray begins work compiling words for the first edition of the Oxford English Dictionary in the mid 19th century, and receives over 10,000 entries from a patient at Broadmoor Criminal Lunatic Asylum, Dr. William Minor.
Title: The Sentinel | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: A secret service agent is framed as the mole in an assassination attempt on the president. He must clear his name and foil another assassination attempt while on the run from a relentless FBI agent.
Title: Greenberg | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A New Yorker moves to Los Angeles in order to figure out his life while he housesits for his brother, and he soon sparks with his brother's assistant.
Title: Loving | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The story of Richard and Mildred Loving, an interracial couple, whose challenge of their anti-miscegenation arrest for their marriage in Virginia led to a legal battle that would end at the US Supreme Court.
Title: Female Fight Squad | Genres: action | Overview: A former fighter reluctantly returns to the life she abandoned in order to help her sister survive the sadistic world of illegal fighting and the maniac who runs it.
Title: Paskal | Genres: action, war | Overview: The true events of Lieutenant Commander Arman Anwar of PASKAL, an elite unit in the Royal Malaysian Navy, and his team's mission to rescue the MV Bunga Laurel, a tanker which was hijacked by Somalian Pirates in 2011.
Title: Amazonia: The Catherine Miles Story | Genres: adventure, drama, horror | Overview: A young woman seeks vengeance and finds love when her parents are killed in the Amazon and she is taken prisoner by an indigenous tribe of headhunters.
Title: Police Academy: Mission to Moscow | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: The Russians seek help in dealing with the Mafia from the veterans of the Police Academy. They head off to Moscow, in order to find evidence against Konstantin Konali, who marketed a computer game that everyone in the world is playing.
Title: The Boondock Saints | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: Tired of the crime overrunning the streets of Boston, Irish Catholic twin brothers Conner and Murphy are inspired by their faith to cleanse their hometown of evil with their own brand of zealous vigilante justice. As they hunt down and kill one notorious gangster after another, they become controversial folk heroes in the community. But Paul Smecker, an eccentric FBI agent, is fast closing in on their blood-soaked trail.
Title: The Powerpuff Girls Movie | Genres: animation, action, family | Overview: Based on the hit animated television series, this feature film adaptation tells the story of how Blossom, Bubbles and Buttercup - three exuberant young girls - obtain their unique powers, become superheroes and join forces to foil evil mutant monkey Mojo Jojo's plan to take over the world.
Title: Flowers in the Attic | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller, tv movie | Overview: After the sudden death of their father, four children face cruel treatment from their ruthless grandmother.
Title: Klute | Genres: mystery, thriller, crime | Overview: A high-priced call girl is forced to depend on a reluctant private eye when she is stalked by a psychopath.
Title: Shaolin | Genres: action, drama | Overview: China is plunged into strife as feuding warlords try to expand their power by warring over neighboring lands. Fuelled by his success on the battlefield, young and arrogant Hao Jie sneers at Shaolin's masters when he beats one of them in a duel. But the pride comes before a fall. When his own family is wiped out by a rival warlord, Hao is forced to take refuge with the monks. As the civil unrest spreads and the people suffer, Hao and the Shaolin masters are forced to take a fiery stand against the evil warlords. They launch a daring plan or rescue and escape.
Title: Captain Underpants: Mega Blissmas | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: Christmas gets weird - really weird - after George and Harold go back in time to change up a few of their beloved holiday's traditions.
Title: The Net | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller, action | Overview: Angela Bennett is a freelance software engineer who lives in a world of computer technology. When a cyber friend asks Bennett to debug a new game, she inadvertently becomes involved in a conspiracy that will soon turn her life upside down and make her the target of an assassination.
Title: Before Sunrise | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: On his way to Vienna, American Jesse meets Céline, a student returning to Paris. After long conversations forge a surprising connection between them, Jesse convinces Celine to get off the train with him in Vienna. Since his flight to the U.S. departs the next morning and he has no money for lodging, they wander the city together, taking in the experiences of Vienna and each other.
Title: The Librarian: Quest for the Spear | Genres: adventure, action, fantasy | Overview: When a magical artifact is lifted from his library, a meek librarian sets out to ensure its safe return.
Title: Diablo | Genres: action, adventure, thriller, western | Overview: A young civil war veteran is forced on a desperate journey to save his kidnapped wife.
Title: Premium Rush | Genres: crime, action, thriller | Overview: In Manhattan, a bike messenger picks up an envelope that attracts the interest of a dirty cop, who pursues the cyclist throughout the city.
Title: The Promise | Genres: history, romance, drama | Overview: Set during the last days of the Ottoman Empire, a love triangle develops between Mikael, a brilliant medical student, the beautiful and sophisticated artist Ana, and Chris, a renowned American journalist based in Paris.
Title: Flypaper | Genres: mystery, comedy, crime | Overview: A man caught in the middle of two simultaneous robberies at a bank desperately tries to protect the teller with whom he's secretly in love.
Title: Beverly Hills Cop II | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: Axel heads for the land of sunshine and palm trees to find out who shot police Captain Andrew Bogomil. Thanks to a couple of old friends, Axel's investigation uncovers a series of robberies masterminded by a heartless weapons kingpin—and the chase is on.
Title: Begin Again | Genres: comedy, music, romance, drama | Overview: Gretta, a budding songwriter, finds herself alone after her boyfriend Dave ditches her. Her life gains purpose when Dan, a record label executive, notices her talent.
Title: Beautiful Teacher in Torture Hell | Genres: horror | Overview: Roman Porno from 1985. A young teacher heads off to teach fencing in a school in the countryside.
Title: Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter... and Spring | Genres: drama | Overview: An isolated lake, where an old monk lives in a small floating temple. The monk has a young boy living with him, learning to become a monk. We watch as seasons and years pass by.
Title: Ricki and the Flash | Genres: comedy, drama, music | Overview: Meryl Streep stars as Ricki Rendazzo, a guitar heroine who made a world of mistakes as she followed her dreams of rock-and-roll stardom. Returning home, Ricki gets a shot at redemption and a chance to make things right as she faces the music with her family.
Title: 42 | Genres: drama | Overview: The powerful story of Jackie Robinson, the legendary baseball player who broke Major League Baseball’s color barrier when he joined the roster of the Brooklyn Dodgers. The film follows the innovative Dodgers’ general manager Branch Rickey, the MLB executive who first signed Robinson to the minors and then helped to bring him up to the show.
Title: A Grand Day Out | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Wallace and Gromit have run out of cheese, and this provides an excellent excuse for the duo to take their holiday to the moon, where, as everyone knows, there is ample cheese.
Title: Risky Business | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: Meet Joel Goodson, an industrious, college-bound 17-year-old and a responsible, trustworthy son. However, when his parents go away and leave him home alone in the wealthy Chicago suburbs with the Porsche at his disposal he quickly decides he has been good for too long and it is time to enjoy himself. After an unfortunate incident with the Porsche Joel must raise some cash, in a risky way.
Title: Awake | Genres: thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: While undergoing heart surgery, a man experiences a phenomenon called ‘anesthetic awareness’, which leaves him awake but paralyzed throughout the operation. As various obstacles present themselves, his wife must make life-altering decisions while wrestling with her own personal drama.
Title: Civil War (Or, Who Do We Think We Are) | Genres: documentary | Overview: A journey across the United States to explore the story of the Civil War of Americans from President Obama's final year in office through the present.
Title: Curse of the Golden Flower | Genres: action, drama, fantasy | Overview: During China's Tang dynasty the emperor has taken the princess of a neighboring province as his wife. She has borne him two sons and raised his eldest. Now his control over his dominion is complete, including the royal family itself.
Title: Incoming | Genres: action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: The International Space Station is now a prison - the ultimate black site. No one's getting out. And no one knows it's there. But when the imprisoned terrorists take over the Station and turn it into a missile aimed at Moscow, only a shuttle pilot and a rookie doctor can stop them. Their task is complicated by a rogue CIA agent (Scott Adkins) who has his own plans for the station and the terrorists within.
Title: Frantz | Genres: history, drama, romance | Overview: In the aftermath of WWI, a young German who grieves the death of her fiancé in France meets a mysterious French man who visits the fiance’s grave to lay flowers.
Title: Margin Call | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: A thriller that revolves around the key people at an investment bank over a 24-hour period during the early stages of the financial crisis.
Title: A Trip to the Moon | Genres: adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Professor Barbenfouillis and five of his colleagues from the Academy of Astronomy travel to the Moon aboard a rocket propelled by a giant cannon. Once on the lunar surface, the bold explorers face the many perils hidden in the caves of the mysterious planet.
Title: Highlander: Endgame | Genres: action, fantasy | Overview: Immortals Connor and Duncan Macleod join forces against a man from Connor's distant past in the highlands of Scotland, Kell, an immensely powerful immortal who leads an army of equally powerful and deadly immortal swordsmen and assassins. No immortal alive has been able to defeat Kell yet, and neither Connor nor Duncan are skilled enough themselves to take him on and live. The two of them eventually come to one inevitable conclusion; one of them must die so that the combined power of both the Highlanders can bring down Kell for good. There can be only one... the question is, who will it be?
Title: Mr. Smith Goes to Washington | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Naive and idealistic Jefferson Smith, leader of the Boy Rangers, is appointed to the United States Senate by the puppet governor of his state. He soon discovers, upon going to Washington, many shortcomings of the political process as his earnest goal of a national boys' camp leads to a conflict with the state political boss.
"Title: The Golden Child | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, fantasy, mystery | Overview: After a Tibetan boy, the mystical Golden Child, is kidnapped by the evil Sardo Numspa, humankind's fate hangs in the balance. On the other side of the world in Los Angeles, the priestess Kee Nang seeks the Chosen One, who will save the boy from death. When Nang sees social worker Chandler Jarrell on television discussing his ability to find missing children, she solicits his expertise, despite his skepticism over being ""chosen."""
"Title: Crazy Safari | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Two guys, one of them a magician, are transporting an ancient chinese vampire who can only be controlled by a series of yellow tapes, and is the ancestor of the other guy. On the way, while flying over Africa, their plane stalls. And of all places, where do they land? That's right, in the village of the tribe of ""The Gods Must Be Crazy""."
Title: Iron Sky: The Coming Race | Genres: action, comedy, fantasy, science fiction, adventure | Overview: Twenty years after the events of Iron Sky, the former Nazi Moonbase has become the last refuge of mankind. Earth was devastated by a nuclear war, but buried deep under the wasteland lies a power that could save the last of humanity - or destroy it once and for all. An old enemy leads our heroes on an adventure into the Hollow Earth. To save humanity, they must fight the Vril, an ancient shapeshifting reptilian race and their army of dinosaurs.
Title: Berserk: The Golden Age Arc II - The Battle for Doldrey | Genres: action, adventure, drama, fantasy, animation | Overview: The Band of the Hawk participates in the Midland war campaign. On the bloody battlefield, they conquer decisive victories that lead them to Doldrey, an old fortress that will decide the outcome of the war.
Title: Christmas Under Wraps | Genres: tv movie, romance | Overview: When a driven doctor doesn't get the prestigious position she planned for, she unexpectedly finds herself moving to a remote Alaskan town. While she meets the locals and even starts a new romance, she has to learn to let the life she planned for give way to a love she never could have imagined, and finds this festive small town is hiding one big holiday secret.
Title: ...And Justice for All | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: An ethical Baltimore defense lawyer disgusted with rampant legal corruption is forced to defend a judge he despises in a rape trial under the threat of being disbarred.
Title: Sgt. Stubby: An American Hero | Genres: animation, adventure, family, history, war | Overview: The true story of the most decorated dog in American military history -- Sgt. Stubby -- and the enduring bonds he forged with his brothers-in-arms in the trenches of World War I.
Title: Daylight | Genres: action, adventure, thriller | Overview: A group of armed robbers fleeing the police head for the New Jersey Tunnel and run right into trucks transporting toxic waste. The spectacular explosion that follows results in both ends of the tunnel collapsing and the handful of people who survived the explosion are now in peril. Kit Latura is the only man with the skill and knowledge to lead the band of survivors out of the tunnel before the structure collapses.
Title: So Close | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A conflict of interest between two high-kicking assassin sisters is complicated as they're pursued by the criminals who hired them and an equally high-kicking female cop.
Title: Escape from Planet Earth | Genres: animation, comedy, adventure, family, science fiction | Overview: Astronaut Scorch Supernova finds himself caught in a trap when he responds to an SOS from a notoriously dangerous alien planet.
Title: Scooby-Doo! Music of the Vampire | Genres: family, animation, mystery, adventure, comedy, fantasy, music | Overview: Scooby and the gang have their first musical mystery in “Scooby Doo: Music of the Vampire.” It begins when they take a sing-a-long road trip into bayou country to attend the “Vampire-Palooza Festival” – an outdoor fair dedicated to all things Draculian. At first it looks as if they’re in for some fun and lots of Southern snacks, but events soon turn scary when a real live vampire comes to life, bursts from his coffin and threatens all the townsfolk. On top of that, this baritone blood sucker seems intent on taking Daphne as his vampire bride! Could the vampire be a descendant of a famous vampire hunter who is trying to sell his book? Or perhaps he’s the local politician, who has been trying to make his name in the press by attacking the vampires as downright unwholesome. The answers are to be found in a final song-filled showdown in the swamp in which our heroes unmask one of their most macabre monsters yet.
Title: Set It Off | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Four black women, all of whom have suffered for lack of money and at the hands of the majority, undertake to rob banks. While initially successful, a policeman who was involved in shooting one of the women's brothers is on their trail. As the women add to the loot, their tastes and interests begin to change and their suspicions of each other increase on the way to a climactic robbery.
Title: Brotherhood of the Wolf | Genres: adventure, horror, action, history | Overview: In 18th century France, the Chevalier de Fronsac and his Native American friend Mani are sent by the King to the Gevaudan province to investigate the killings of hundreds by a mysterious beast.
Title: Rocketman | Genres: music, drama, history | Overview: The story of Elton John's life, from his years as a prodigy at the Royal Academy of Music through his influential and enduring musical partnership with Bernie Taupin.
Title: Grace Unplugged | Genres: drama, music | Overview: A talented young singer and aspiring songwriter’s Christian faith and family ties are tested when she defies her worship-pastor father and pursues pop-music stardom in GRACE UNPLUGGED, a moving and inspiring new film that explores the true meaning of success.
Title: U-571 | Genres: war, drama, action, thriller | Overview: In the midst of World War II, the battle under the sea rages and the Nazis have the upper hand as the Allies are unable to crack their war codes. However, after a wrecked U-boat sends out an SOS signal, the Allies realise this is their chance to seize the 'enigma coding machine'.
Title: Fahrenheit 451 | Genres: drama, science fiction, thriller | Overview: In an oppressive future, a 'fireman' whose duty is to destroy all books begins to question his task.
Title: The Star | Genres: comedy, adventure, family, fantasy, animation | Overview: A small but brave donkey and his animal friends become the unsung heroes of the greatest story ever told, the first Christmas.
Title: House of Flying Daggers | Genres: adventure, drama, action, romance | Overview: In 9th century China, a corrupt government wages war against a rebel army called the Flying Daggers. A romantic warrior breaks a beautiful rebel out of prison to help her rejoin her fellows, but things are not what they seem.
"Title: Detective Conan: Magician of the Silver Sky | Genres: animation, mystery | Overview: Once again, Kaitou Kid crosses swords with Conan Edogawa in this annual installment of the Detective Conan movie franchise. After receiving a letter from the thief, famous actress Juri Maki seeks the help of private detective Kogorou Mouri to protect the Star Sapphire—the ""Jewel of Destiny,"" said to represent faith, fate, and hope."
Title: Revolutionary Road | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A young couple living in a Connecticut suburb during the mid-1950s struggle to come to terms with their personal problems while trying to raise their two children. Based on a novel by Richard Yates.
Title: Rabid Dogs | Genres: action, drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: After a bank job goes badly wrong, three desperate criminals take a young woman and a father and child hostage - it's the beginning of a frantic and violent road trip that not all of them will survive.
Title: Dragon Ball: Fight Son Goku, Win Son Goku | Genres: adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: The young warrior Son Ogong (Son Goku) goes on a outrageous quest to acquire seven magical orbs, along the way beating up evil persons who want to steal the orbs for their own ends.
Title: Babe: Pig in the City | Genres: family, adventure, comedy, drama, fantasy | Overview: Babe, fresh from his victory in the sheepherding contest, returns to Farmer Hoggett's farm, but after Farmer Hoggett is injured and unable to work, Babe has to go to the big city to save the farm.
Title: Burn After Reading | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: When a disc containing memoirs of a former CIA analyst falls into the hands of gym employees, Linda and Chad, they see a chance to make enough money for Linda to have life-changing cosmetic surgery. Predictably, events whirl out of control for the duo, and those in their orbit.
Title: Sissi | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: The young Bavarian princess Elisabeth, who all call Sissi, goes with her mother and older sister Néné to Austria where Néné will be wed to an emperor named Franz Joseph, Yet unexpectedly Franz runs into Sissi while out fishing and they fall in love.
Title: Army of One | Genres: comedy | Overview: Gary Faulkner is an ex-con, unemployed handyman, and modern day Don Quixote who receives a vision from God telling him to capture Osama Bin Laden. Armed with only a single sword purchased from a home-shopping network, Gary travels to Pakistan to complete his mission. While on his quest, Gary encounters old friends back home in Colorado, the new friends he makes in Pakistan, the enemies he makes at the CIA - and even God and Osama themselves.
Title: The Wild Geese | Genres: action, war | Overview: A British multinational company seeks to overthrow a vicious dictator in central Africa. It hires a band of (largely aged) mercenaries in London and sends them in to save the virtuous but imprisoned opposition leader who is also critically ill and due for execution. Just when the team has performed a perfect rescue, the multinational does a deal with the vicious dictator leaving the mercenary band to escape under their own steam and exact revenge.
Title: Lansky | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: When the aging Meyer Lansky is investigated one last time by the Feds who suspect he has stashed away millions of dollars over half a century, the retired gangster spins a dizzying tale, revealing the untold truth about his life as the notorious boss of Murder Inc. and the National Crime Syndicate.
Title: 211 | Genres: crime, action, drama | Overview: Inspired by one of the longest and bloodiest real-life events in police history, Officer Mike Chandler and a young civilian passenger find themselves under-prepared and outgunned when fate puts them squarely in the crosshairs of a daring bank heist in progress by a fearless team of highly-trained and heavily-armed men.
Title: Radius | Genres: fantasy, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Liam wakes from a car crash with no memory of who he is. As he makes his way into town to look for help, he finds only dead bodies, all with strange pale eyes. Liam's first assessment is that a virus is present in the air, but he soon discovers the horrible truth: anyone who comes within a 50-foot radius of him dies instantly.
Title: A California Christmas: City Lights | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: Follows Callie and Joseph one year after they fell in love, now running a dairy farm and winery, but their romance is threatened when business and family obligations call Joseph back to the city.
Title: The Innocents | Genres: thriller, horror, drama | Overview: Four children become friends during the summer holidays, and out of sight of the adults they discover they have hidden powers. While exploring their newfound abilities in the nearby forests and playgrounds, their innocent play takes a dark turn and strange things begin to happen.
Title: Barbershop | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A day in the life of a barbershop on the south side of Chicago. Calvin, who inherited the struggling business from his deceased father, views the shop as nothing but a burden and waste of his time. After selling the shop to a local loan shark, Calvin slowly begins to see his father's vision and legacy and struggles with the notion that he just sold it out.
"Title: Night Watch | Genres: fantasy, action, thriller | Overview: Among normal humans live the ""Others"" possessing various supernatural powers. They are divided up into the forces of light and the forces of the dark, who signed a truce several centuries ago to end a devastating battle. Ever since, the forces of light govern the day while the night belongs to their dark opponents. In modern day Moscow the dark Others actually roam the night as vampires while a ""Night Watch"" of light forces, among them Anton, the movie's protagonist, try to control them and limit their outrage"
Title: Point Blank | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A nurse is forced to spring a wounded murder suspect from the hospital when the man’s brother kidnaps his pregnant wife and wants to make a trade.
Title: Billy Madison | Genres: comedy | Overview: Billy Madison is the 27 year-old son of Bryan Madison, a very rich man who has made his living in the hotel industry. Billy stands to inherit his father's empire, but only if he can make it through all 12 grades, 2 weeks per grade, to prove that he has what it takes to run the family business.
Title: Boys Don't Cry | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: A young transgender man explores his gender identity and searches for love in rural Nebraska.
Title: The Girl in the Fog | Genres: crime, thriller, mystery | Overview: A gripping and chilling thriller that brings us to a hazy mountain village where an enigmatic detective is investigating the sudden disappearance of fifteen-year-old girl.
Title: Wall Street | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: A young and impatient stockbroker is willing to do anything to get to the top, including trading on illegal inside information taken through a ruthless and greedy corporate raider whom takes the youth under his wing.
Title: Crocodile Dundee | Genres: adventure, comedy | Overview: When a New York reporter plucks crocodile hunter Dundee from the Australian Outback for a visit to the Big Apple, it's a clash of cultures and a recipe for good-natured comedy as naïve Dundee negotiates the concrete jungle. Dundee proves that his instincts are quite useful in the city and adeptly handles everything from wily muggers to high-society snoots without breaking a sweat.
Title: Throw Momma From the Train | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Larry Donner, an author with a cruel ex-wife, teaches a writing workshop in which one of his students, Owen, is fed up with his domineering mother. When Owen watches a Hitchcock classic that seems to mirror his own life, he decides to put the movie's plot into action and offers to kill Larry's ex-wife, if Larry promises to murder his mom. Before Larry gets a chance to react to the plan, it seems that Owen has already set things in motion.
Title: Love Live! The School Idol Movie | Genres: animation, music, comedy | Overview: Although μ's, the defending champions of the school idol tournament, plans to dissolve their group after the graduation of their senior members, they receive news that leads them to holding a concert event! The 9 girls continue to learn and grow in this new and unfamiliar world. What is the last thing that these girls can do as school idols? With the clock ticking, what kind of meaning will the μ's members find in performing the most exciting live performance?
Title: Judgment at Nuremberg | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: In 1947, four German judges who served on the bench during the Nazi regime face a military tribunal to answer charges of crimes against humanity. Chief Justice Haywood hears evidence and testimony not only from lead defendant Ernst Janning and his defense attorney Hans Rolfe, but also from the widow of a Nazi general, an idealistic U.S. Army captain and reluctant witness Irene Wallner.
Title: Hard to Kill | Genres: action | Overview: Mason Storm, a 'go it alone' cop, is gunned down at home. The intruders kill his wife, and think they've killed both Mason and his son too. Mason is secretly taken to a hospital where he spends several years in a coma. His son meanwhile is growing up thinking his father is dead. When Mason wakes up, everyone is in danger - himself, his son, his best friend, his nurse - but most of all those who arranged for his death
"Title: Stitches | Genres: horror | Overview: The clumsy and unfunny clown Richard ""Stitches"" Grindle entertains at the 10th birthday party of little Tom, but the boy and his friends play a prank with Stitches, tying his shoelaces. Stitches slips, falls and dies. Six years later, Tom gives a birthday party for his friends at home, but Stitches revives to haunt the teenagers and revenge his death."
Title: Husk | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A group of friends stranded near a desolate cornfield find shelter in an old farmhouse, though they soon discover the dwelling is the center of a supernatural ritual.
Title: A Thousand and One Nights | Genres: animation, drama, fantasy | Overview: Beautifully constructed, 1001 Nights stays true to the lush and mysterious backdrop of the well known and age old story. Tezuka remolds the story into an escapist fantasy where a 60s-era working man is transported back to an era of entirely fictitious Arabian details. Seemingly at odds with itself, 1001 Nights consistently unfolds in a way that combines Playboy graphics, Arabian rug design and traditional Japanese scroll paintings. Sound like a strange mix? You bet and along the way we experience some of the great cultural juxtapositions that makes Tezuka the unpredictable style it is. Source: MAL
Title: Loving Annabelle | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Annabelle is the wise-beyond-her-years newcomer to an exclusive Catholic girls school. Having been expelled from her first two schools she's bound to stir some trouble. Sparks fly though when sexual chemistry appears between her and the Head of her dorm and English teacher, Simone Bradley. Annabelle pursues her relentlessly and until the end the older woman manages to avoid the law.
Title: Gangster No. 1 | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: An old gangster is advised that Freddie Mays would leave jail after thirty years in prison. His mood changes and he recalls when he was a young punk and who joined Freddie's gang—a man he both envied and ultimately betrayed.
Title: Sound of Metal | Genres: drama, music | Overview: Metal drummer Ruben begins to lose his hearing. When a doctor tells him his condition will worsen, he thinks his career and life is over. His girlfriend Lou checks the former addict into a rehab for the deaf hoping it will prevent a relapse and help him adapt to his new life. After being welcomed and accepted just as he is, Ruben must choose between his new normal and the life he once knew.
Title: Offline: Are You Ready for the Next Level? | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: Champion gamer Jan has to fight for his digital identity, winning back his real life as well.
Title: Ghost in the Shell: The New Movie | Genres: science fiction, animation | Overview: When a ghost-infecting virus known as Fire-Starter begins spreading through the system resulting in the assassination of the Japanese Prime Minister, Major Motoko Kusanagi and her elite team of special operatives are called in to track down its source.
Title: Rumor Has It... | Genres: comedy | Overview: Sarah Huttinger's return home with her fiance convinces her that the sedate, proper, country-club lifestyle of her family isn't for her – and that maybe the Huttinger family isn't even hers – as she uncovers secrets that suggest the Huttingers are neither sedate nor proper.
Title: In the Name of the King: A Dungeon Siege Tale | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action, drama | Overview: A man named Farmer sets out to rescue his kidnapped wife and avenge the death of his son -- two acts committed by the Krugs, a race of animal-warriors who are controlled by the evil Gallian.
Title: The Silencing | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A reformed hunter becomes involved in a deadly game of cat and mouse when he and the local sheriff set out to track a vicious killer who may have kidnapped his daughter years ago.
Title: Drumline | Genres: drama, romance, comedy, music | Overview: A fish-out-of-water comedy about a talented street drummer from Harlem who enrolls in a Southern university, expecting to lead its marching band's drumline to victory. He initially flounders in his new world, before realizing that it takes more than talent to reach the top.
Title: Made in Abyss: Dawn of the Deep Soul | Genres: animation, adventure, fantasy, mystery | Overview: A continuation of the epic adventure of plucky Riko and Reg who are joined by their new friend Nanachi. Together they descend into the Abyss' treacherous fifth layer, the Sea of Corpses, and encounter the mysterious Bondrewd, a legendary White Whistle whose shadow looms over Nanachi's troubled past. Bondrewd is ingratiatingly hospitable, but the brave adventurers know things are not always as they seem in the enigmatic Abyss.
Title: The Calm Beyond | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: A young woman lives, hidden in plain sight in a ruined Hong Kong building after a tsunami destroyed the city - A castaway on a concrete island. Her concealed existence is changed forever when a small child literally floats into her life.
Title: London Fields | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: Clairvoyant femme fatale, Nicola Six has been living with a dark premonition of her impending death by murder. She begins a tangled love affair with three uniquely different men—one of whom she knows will be her murderer.
Title: I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Firefighters Chuck Ford and Larry Valentine are guy's guys, loyal to the core—which is why when widower Larry asks Chuck to pose as his gay lover so that he can get domestic partner benefits for his kids, his buddy agrees. However, things get dicey when a bureaucrat comes calling, and the boys are forced to present a picture of domestic bliss.
Title: Kidnapping Stella | Genres: thriller | Overview: Snatched off the street and held for ransom, a bound and gagged woman uses her limited powers to derail her two masked abductors' carefully laid plans.
Title: Hard Candy | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Hayley’s a smart, charming teenage girl. Jeff’s a handsome, smooth fashion photographer. An Internet chat, a coffee shop meet-up, an impromptu fashion shoot back at Jeff’s place. Jeff thinks it’s his lucky night. He’s in for a surprise.
"Title: Midnight Cowboy | Genres: drama | Overview: Joe Buck is a wide-eyed hustler from Texas hoping to score big with wealthy New York City women; he finds a companion in Enrico ""Ratso"" Rizzo, an ailing swindler with a bum leg and a quixotic fantasy of escaping to Florida."
Title: Wild at Heart | Genres: comedy, crime, thriller | Overview: After serving prison time for a self-defense killing, Sailor Ripley reunites with girlfriend Lula Fortune. Lula's mother, Marietta, desperate to keep them apart, hires a hitman to kill Sailor. But he finds a whole new set of troubles when he and Bobby Peru, an old buddy who's also out to get Sailor, try to rob a store. When Sailor lands in jail yet again, the young lovers appear further than ever from the shared life they covet.
Title: Gangster Squad | Genres: crime, drama, action, thriller | Overview: Los Angeles, 1949. Ruthless, Brooklyn-born mob king Mickey Cohen runs the show in this town, reaping the ill-gotten gains from the drugs, the guns, the prostitutes and — if he has his way — every wire bet placed west of Chicago. And he does it all with the protection of not only his own paid goons, but also the police and the politicians who are under his control. It’s enough to intimidate even the bravest, street-hardened cop… except, perhaps, for the small, secret crew of LAPD outsiders led by Sgt. John O’Mara and Jerry Wooters who come together to try to tear Cohen’s world apart.
Title: Bleed for This | Genres: drama | Overview: The inspirational story of World Champion Boxer Vinny Pazienza, who after a near fatal car crash, which left him not knowing if he'd ever walk again, made one of sports most incredible comebacks.
Title: The Darker the Lake | Genres: crime, thriller, mystery | Overview: When strange, supernatural murders suddenly become the talk a peaceful town, two detectives must solve a deadly game, but will the myth of this game reveal secrets too close to home.
Title: War Machine | Genres: comedy, drama, war | Overview: A rock star general bent on winning the “impossible” war in Afghanistan takes us inside the complex machinery of modern war. Inspired by the true story of General Stanley McChrystal.
Title: Silkwood | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: The story of Karen Silkwood, a metallurgy worker at a plutonium processing plant who was purposefully contaminated, psychologically tortured and possibly murdered to prevent her from exposing blatant worker safety violations at the plant.
Title: Grudge Match | Genres: comedy | Overview: A pair of aging boxing rivals are coaxed out of retirement to fight one final bout -- 30 years after their last match.
Title: Never Sleep Again: The Elm Street Legacy | Genres: documentary | Overview: For decades, Freddy Krueger has slashed his way through the dreams of countless youngsters, scaring up over half a billion dollars at the box office across eight terrifying, spectacular films.
"Title: Star Trek: Insurrection | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure, thriller | Overview: When an alien race and factions within Starfleet attempt to take over a planet that has ""regenerative"" properties, it falls upon Captain Picard and the crew of the Enterprise to defend the planet's people as well as the very ideals upon which the Federation itself was founded."
Title: The Pirates! In an Adventure with Scientists! | Genres: animation, adventure, family, comedy | Overview: The luxuriantly bearded Pirate Captain is a boundlessly enthusiastic, if somewhat less-than-successful, terror of the High Seas. With a rag-tag crew at his side, and seemingly blind to the impossible odds stacked against him, the Captain has one dream: to beat his bitter rivals Black Bellamy and Cutlass Liz to the much coveted Pirate of the Year Award. It’s a quest that takes our heroes from the shores of exotic Blood Island to the foggy streets of Victorian London. Along the way they battle a diabolical queen and team up with a haplessly smitten young scientist, but never lose sight of what a pirate loves best: adventure!
Title: Mulan: Rise of a Warrior | Genres: adventure, drama, action | Overview: When barbarian hordes threaten her homeland, the brave and cunning Mulan disguises herself as a male soldier to swell the ranks in her aging father's stead. The warrior's remarkable courage drives her through powerful battle scenes and brutal wartime strategy. Mulan loses dear friends to the enemy's blade as she rises to become one of her country's most valuable leaders — but can she win the war before her secret is exposed?
"Title: Tamayura: Graduation Photo Part 1 - Kizashi | Genres: drama, animation | Overview: As Fu and her friends begin their third and final year of high school, the photography club gets two new members; freshman Takumi Shindou and sophomore Suzune Maekawa. Thinking about what to do after graduation, Fu decides she wants to pursue a career combining photography and travelling. Afterwards, Fu's family tell Fu about the time she took a picture of her father and first learned about ""tamayura"" from him. Later, as Chihiro and Tomo pay a visit for the Bamboo Festival, announcing that they plan to study abroad after graduation, Fu is shocked to learn that Riho is planning to leave town. During the festival the next day, as the girls get to see Kanae as part of Sayomi's explorer's club, Fu is approached by Riho, who explains she is going to Tokyo to open a gallery with her friend. Thankful for everything Riho has done for her, Fu promises the carry on her torch in pusuit of a career in photography."
Title: Super Monsters Furever Friends | Genres: fantasy, animation | Overview: On the first night of spring, the Super Monsters gather for food, fun and games in the park -- and get to meet their adorable new pets!
Title: Godzilla | Genres: thriller, horror, science fiction | Overview: Japan is thrown into a panic after several ships are sunk near Odo Island. An expedition to the island led by Dr. Yemani soon discover something far more devastating than imagined in the form of a 50 meter tall monster whom the natives call Gojira. Now the monster begins a rampage that threatens to destroy not only Japan, but the rest of the world as well.
Title: Slaughterhouse Rulez | Genres: action, comedy, fantasy, horror | Overview: An illustrious British boarding school becomes a bloody battleground when a mysterious sinkhole appears at a nearby fracking site unleashing unspeakable horror.
Title: The Bouncer | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: A tough nightclub bouncer struggling to raise his 8-year-old daughter is forced to go undercover after an unfortunate event.
Title: Haunted Hospital: Heilstatten | Genres: horror | Overview: Group of Youtubers enter an abandoned surgery ward for 24-hour challenge, hoping to go viral. They will soon learn that they're not welcome.
"Title: True Legend | Genres: action, fantasy | Overview: Su Qi-Er, a wealthy man living during the Qing Dynasty who loses his fortune and reputation as a result of a conspiracy against him. After being forced out onto the streets, Su dedicates his life to martial arts and reemerges as a patriotic hero known as the ""King of Beggars."""
Title: Marvel Renaissance | Genres: documentary, tv movie | Overview: Documentary about the rise of Marvel Studios after their near-bankruptcy in the mid-1990s.
"Title: The Wrestler | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Aging wrestler Randy ""The Ram"" Robinson is long past his prime but still ready and rarin' to go on the pro-wrestling circuit. After a particularly brutal beating, however, Randy hangs up his tights, pursues a serious relationship with a long-in-the-tooth stripper, and tries to reconnect with his estranged daughter. But he can't resist the lure of the ring and readies himself for a comeback."
Title: The Long Kiss Goodnight | Genres: crime, action, mystery, thriller | Overview: Samantha Caine, suburban homemaker, is the ideal mom to her 8 year old daughter Caitlin. She lives in Honesdale, PA, is a school teacher and makes the best Rice Krispie treats in town. But when she receives a bump on her head, she begins to remember small parts of her previous life as a lethal, top-secret agent.
Title: Stuntman | Genres: documentary | Overview: A veteran stuntman sets out to complete the jump that bested his idol Evel Knievel: clearing the Snake River Canyon in a rocket-powered craft.
Title: Easy Rider | Genres: adventure, drama | Overview: A cross-country trip to sell drugs puts two hippie bikers on a collision course with small-town prejudices.
Title: Joyeux Noel | Genres: drama, war, romance, history | Overview: France, 1914, during World War I. On Christmas Eve, an extraordinary event takes place in the bloody no man's land that the French and the Scots dispute with the Germans…
Title: The Last Castle | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: A court-martialed general rallies together 1200 inmates to rise against the system that put him away.
Title: Look Who's Back | Genres: comedy | Overview: Adolf Hitler wakes up in a vacant lot in Berlin, with no knowledge of anything that happened after 1945. Homeless and destitute. Although everyone recognizes him, nobody believes that he is Hitler; instead, they think he is either a comedian, or a method actor.
Title: Death Note Relight 2: L's Successors | Genres: tv movie, thriller, animation, crime, drama, fantasy | Overview: After the events of the first movie Yagami Light faces two new adversaries as he is trying to create a perfect world without crime or criminals. This movie continues the first tv special and is a summary of the last 12 episodes of the tv anime
Title: Time Freak | Genres: science fiction, comedy, romance | Overview: Stillman, a heartbroken physics student, builds a time machine when his girlfriend breaks up with him. Going back in time, he attempts to save their relationship by fixing every mistake he made—while dragging his best friend along in the process.
Title: Blood: The Last Vampire | Genres: animation, fantasy, horror | Overview: In Japan, the vampire-hunter Saya, who is a powerful original, is sent by her liaison with the government, David, posed as a teenage student to the Yokota High School on the eve of Halloween to hunt down vampires. Saya asks David to give a new katana to her. Soon she saves the school nurse Makiho Amano from two vampires disguised of classmates and Makiho witnesses her fight against the powerful demon.
Title: The Way Way Back | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Shy 14-year-old Duncan goes on summer vacation with his mother, her overbearing boyfriend, and her boyfriend's daughter. Having a rough time fitting in, Duncan finds an unexpected friend in Owen, manager of the Water Wizz water park.
Title: Cannibal Ferox | Genres: adventure, horror | Overview: Three friends out to disprove cannibalism meet two men on the run who tortured and enslaved a cannibal tribe to find emeralds, and now the tribe is out for revenge.
Title: Little Nemo: Adventures in Slumberland | Genres: adventure, animation, family, fantasy | Overview: A little boy whose dreams transcend reality is sucked into his own fantasy, which is everything he has dreamed of, until he unleashes an old secret that may not only destroy this perfect dream world but reality itself.
Title: Winnie the Pooh: A Very Merry Pooh Year | Genres: animation, family | Overview: It's Christmastime in the Hundred Acre Wood and all of the gang is getting ready with presents and decorations. The gang makes a list of what they want for Christmas and send it to Santa Claus - except that Pooh forgot to ask for something. So he heads out to retrieve the letter and get it to Santa by Christmas...which happens to be tomorrow!
Title: Kidnapping Mr. Heineken | Genres: drama, action, crime, thriller, mystery | Overview: The true story of the kidnapping of Freddy Heineken, the grandson of the founder of the Heineken brewery, and his driver. They were released after a ransom of 35 million Dutch guilders was paid.
Title: Underdog | Genres: family, action, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: A lab accident gives a hound named Shoeshine some serious superpowers -- a secret that the dog eventually shares with the young boy who becomes his owner and friend.
Title: Hector and the Search for Happiness | Genres: adventure, drama, comedy | Overview: Hector is a quirky psychiatrist who has become increasingly tired of his humdrum life. As he tells his girlfriend, Clara, he feels like a fraud: he hasn’t really tasted life, and yet he’s offering advice to patients who are just not getting any happier. So Hector decides to break out of his deluded and routine driven life. Armed with buckets of courage and child-like curiosity, he embarks on a global quest in hopes of uncovering the elusive secret formula for true happiness. And so begins a larger than life adventure with riotously funny results.
Title: The Wraith | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: Packard Walsh and his motorized gang control and terrorize an Arizona desert town where they force drivers to drag-race so they can 'win' their vehicles. After Walsh beats the decent teenager Jamie Hankins to death after finding him with his girlfriend, a mysterious power creates Jake Kesey, an extremely cool motor-biker who has a car which is invincible. Jake befriends Jamie's girlfriend Keri Johnson, takes Jamie's sweet brother Bill under his wing and manages what Sheriff Loomis couldn't; eliminate Packard's criminal gang the hard way...
Title: Last Vegas | Genres: comedy | Overview: Three sixty-something friends take a break from their day-to-day lives to throw a bachelor party in Las Vegas for their last remaining single pal.
Title: Our House | Genres: horror, drama, thriller | Overview: Ethan is suffering enormous guilt after his parents are killed in a car accident. He quits a promising future at MIT and work on a revolutionary experiment in order to care for his younger siblings.
Title: Space Chimps 2: Zartog Strikes Back | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Comet longs to be taken seriously as a full-fledged space chimp. He journeys to the fantastical Planet Malgor and bonds with the adorable alien Kilowatt, living out his ultimate fantasy. However, it's time for Comet to prove himself when the feared alien ruler Zartog takes over Mission Control! Comet must show he has the right stuff, and join fellow chimps Ham, Luna and Titan, to save the day.
Title: Revenge of the Nerds II: Nerds in Paradise | Genres: comedy | Overview: The members of the Lambda Lambda Lambda fraternity travel to Fort Lauderdale for a fraternity conference. They'll have to beat off the attacks of their rival frat, the Alphas, if they want to maintain their self-respect -- and, of course, if they want to get anywhere with the pretty girls!
Title: Murder on the Orient Express | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: In 1935, when his train is stopped by deep snow, detective Hercule Poirot is called on to solve a murder that occurred in his car the night before.
Title: Partysaurus Rex | Genres: family, animation, comedy, fantasy | Overview: When Rex finds himself left behind in the bathroom, he puts his limbs to use by getting a bath going for a bunch of new toy friends.
Title: Journey's End | Genres: war, drama | Overview: Set in a dugout in Aisne in 1918, a group of British officers, led by the mentally disintegrating young officer Stanhope, variously await their fate.
Title: Congo | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Eight people embark on an expedition into the Congo, a mysterious expanse of unexplored Africa where human greed and the laws of nature have gone berserk. When the thrill-seekers -- some with ulterior motives -- stumble across a race of killer apes.
Title: Dude, Where's My Car? | Genres: comedy, science fiction | Overview: Two stoners wake up after a night of partying and cannot remember where they parked their car.
Title: The Special | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: Suspecting his wife of infidelity, Jerry is persuaded by his best friend to accompany him to a brothel to sample ‘The Special’, which proves to be a lifechanging experience in more ways than one. Because every pleasure has its price...
Title: Maya the Bee: The Honey Games | Genres: comedy, family, animation, adventure | Overview: When an overenthusiastic Maya accidentally embarrasses the Empress of Buzztropolis, she is forced to unite with a team of misfit bugs and compete in the Honey Games for a chance to save her hive.
Title: Scooby-Doo! Adventures: The Mystery Map | Genres: family, comedy, mystery, animation | Overview: Get ready to experience the world-famous Scooby-Doo! and Crew like never before in this all-new, original puppet movie! What begins as a routine night for the Gang - which includes the slobbering sleuth and Shaggy eating a triple-extra-large Scooby snack pizza - becomes a mad dash to find the frightening Phantom Parrot, who has a map to pirate Gnarlybeard's hidden treasure. Scooby sniffs out the map's clues, which lead him right to a spooky pirate ship. Ruh-roh! What will Gnarlybeard be willing to do to protect his booty? The whole family will love casting off on this mysterious, fun-filled voyage again and again.
Title: 200 Pounds Beauty | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: Based on a Japanese manga, Kanna-San, Daiseikou Desu, this story revolves around Kang Han-na, an overweight phone sex employee and secret vocalist for Ammy, a famous Korean pop singer who actually lip syncs as she cannot sing. After getting humilitated publicly by an ungrateful Ammy, Han-na undergoes an extreme makeover to become a pop sensation herself.
Title: It Comes at Night | Genres: drama, horror, mystery | Overview: Secure within a desolate home as an unnatural threat terrorizes the world, a man has established a tenuous domestic order with his wife and son, but this will soon be put to test when a desperate young family arrives seeking refuge.
Title: Game of Death | Genres: drama, action, thriller, crime | Overview: A martial arts movie star must fake his death to find the people who are trying to kill him.
Title: My Way | Genres: drama, action, history, war | Overview: Jun-shik, who works for Tatsuo’s grandfather’s farm while Korea is colonized by Japan, dreams about participating in the Tokyo Olympics as a marathon runner. Tatsuo also aims to become a marathon runner, so the two become rivals. But the war breaks out and they both are forced to enlist in the army. Tatsuo becomes the head of defense in Jun-shik’s unit and he devises a scheme but fails. Jun-shik and Tatsuo are held captive by the Soviets. They run away but soon are captured by the Germans and forced to separate. In 1944, they meet again on the shores of Normandy.
Title: Kim Possible | Genres: family, action, adventure, comedy, tv movie | Overview: Everyday teen hero Kim Possible and her best friend Ron Stoppable embark on their freshman year of high school, all while saving the world from evil villains. While Kim and Ron have always been one step ahead of their opponents, navigating the social hierarchy of high school is more challenging than the action-hero ever imagined. With Drakken and Shego lurking in the wings, Kim must rely on her family and Team Possible—Ron, tech-genius Wade, new friend Athena, and Rufus, a Naked mole-rat.
Title: The Secret of Moonacre | Genres: adventure, fantasy, drama, science fiction, romance, family | Overview: When 13 year old Maria Merryweather's father dies, leaving her orphaned and homeless, she is forced to leave her luxurious London life to go and live with Sir Benjamin, an eccentric uncle she didn't know she had, at the mysterious Moonacre Manor.
Title: The Physician | Genres: adventure, drama, history | Overview: England, 1021. Rob Cole, a boy born in a miserable mining town, swears to become a physician and vanquish disease and death. His harsh path of many years, a quest for knowledge besieged by countless challenges and sacrifices, leads him to the remote Isfahan, in Persia, where he meets Ibn Sina, the greatest healer of his time.
Title: Sandy Wexler | Genres: comedy | Overview: When a hapless but dedicated talent manager signs his first client who actually has talent, his career finally starts to take off.
Title: Isle of Dogs | Genres: adventure, comedy, animation | Overview: In the future, an outbreak of canine flu leads the mayor of a Japanese city to banish all dogs to an island that's a garbage dump. The outcasts must soon embark on an epic journey when a 12-year-old boy arrives on the island to find his beloved pet.
"Title: Patton | Genres: war, drama, history | Overview: ""Patton"" tells the tale of General George S. Patton, famous tank commander of World War II. The film begins with patton's career in North Africa and progresses through the invasion of Germany and the fall of the Third Reich. Side plots also speak of Patton's numerous faults such his temper and habit towards insubordination."
"Title: Ghost in the Shell Arise - Border 4: Ghost Stands Alone | Genres: action, animation, science fiction, crime | Overview: The upcoming installment's story takes place amidst signs of postwar reconstruction in the winter of 2028. Tensions are rising in New Port City as demonstrations are held concerning the interests of foreign cartels. This leads to a shooting incident involving riot police. It all started with a cyberbrain infection released by the terrorist ""Fire Starter."" An independent offensive unit led by Makoto Kusanagi entrusts the suppression of the situation to their ghosts and aims for their own justice. Below the surface of the incident, lies the ""tin girl"" Emma and the ""scarecrow man"" Burinda Junior. As Kusanagi deals with the incident, she draws near to what those two ghosts were seeking."
Title: Cannonball Run II | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: The original characters from the first Cannonball Run movie compete in an illegal race across the country once more in various cars and trucks.
Title: An American Crime | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: The true story of suburban housewife Gertrude Baniszewski, who kept a teenage girl locked in the basement of her Indiana home during the 1960s.
Title: Demon Slayer | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: Five delinquent teenagers are assigned the task of converting a long-abandoned mental hospital in South Central Los Angeles into a community center. Little do they know that the hospital is the site of centuries of supernatural mayhem and murder. Plagued by terrors beyond belief, the teenagers must fight to survive a battle where the division between the living and the dead is shattered.
Title: Domino | Genres: action, crime | Overview: The story of the life of Domino Harvey, who abandoned her career as a Ford model to become a bounty hunter.
Title: The Twilight Samurai | Genres: drama, romance, history | Overview: Seibei Iguchi leads a difficult life as a low ranking samurai at the turn of the nineteenth century. A widower with a meager income, Seibei struggles to take care of his two daughters and senile mother. New prospects seem to open up when the beautiful Tomoe, a childhood friend, comes back into he and his daughters' life, but as the Japanese feudal system unravels, Seibei is still bound by the code of honor of the samurai and by his own sense of social precedence. How can he find a way to do what is best for those he loves?
Title: Small Fry | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: A fast food restaurant mini variant of Buzz forcibly switches places with the real Buzz and his friends have to deal with the obnoxious impostor.
Title: When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth | Genres: adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: An ancient tribe attempts to sacrifice Sanna as an offering to the Sun god to save their tribe from dinosaurs. Tara, a young man from another tribe, saves Sanna and takes her along with him.
Title: Sword Master | Genres: action | Overview: Weary of the bloodshed and violence from the martial arts world, a powerful swordsman banishes himself to the humble life a vagrant, wandering the fringes of society. But his violent past refuses to let him go quietly. The master swordsman must regain the ability to wield his sword and fight those disrupting the peace he so desperately craves.
Title: Dark Desire | Genres: tv movie, crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: A young man desperate to be connected to the people close to him resorts to devious measures to achieve that desire
Title: National Lampoon Presents Dorm Daze | Genres: comedy | Overview: A man decides he needs to help his younger brother lose his virginity and hires a prostitute named Dominique. But hilarious high jinks ensue when a French exchange student with the same name also shows up at his brother's dorm room.
Title: Elizabeth: The Golden Age | Genres: drama, history, romance | Overview: When Queen Elizabeth's reign is threatened by ruthless familial betrayal and Spain's invading army, she and her shrewd adviser must act to safeguard the lives of her people.
Title: The Longest Yard | Genres: crime, comedy, drama | Overview: In this rough-and-tumble yarn, actually filmed on-location at the Georgia State Prision, the cons are the heroes and the guards are the heavies. Eddie Albert is the sadistic warden who'll gladly make any sacrifice to push his guards' semi-pro football team to a national championship.
Title: First Kill | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: A police chief tries to solve a kidnapping that involves a bank robber holding a young boy hostage.
Title: The Guardian Brothers | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: There's a crisis in the Chinese Spirit World -- humans don't believe in gods anymore! A Door God, facing unemployment, ventures into the human world to prove his worth, leading to unexpected encounters and transformations for humans and spirits alike.
Title: Into the Inferno | Genres: documentary | Overview: With stunning views of eruptions and lava flows, Werner Herzog captures the raw power of volcanoes and their ties to indigenous spiritual practices.
Title: The Devil Inside | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: In Italy, a woman becomes involved in a series of unauthorized exorcisms during her mission to discover what happened to her mother, who allegedly murdered three people during her own exorcism.
Title: Tom and Jerry: A Nutcracker Tale | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: A holiday themed animated direct-to-video film starring Academy Award-winners, Tom and Jerry. It uses a good deal of Tchaikovsky's famous ballet The Nutcracker as background music. This film would be the last animated production for Tom and Jerry co-creator, Joseph Barbera, who would die on December 18, 2006. The film features all of the exaggerated violence usually found in Tom and Jerry.
Title: The Three Musketeers | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: D'Artagnan travels to Paris hoping to become a musketeer, one of the French king's elite bodyguards, only to discover that the corps has been disbanded by conniving Cardinal Richelieu, who secretly hopes to usurp the throne. Fortunately, Athos, Porthos and Aramis have refused to lay down their weapons and continue to protect their king. D'Artagnan joins with the rogues to expose Richelieu's plot against the crown.
Title: Star Trek V: The Final Frontier | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure, thriller | Overview: The crew of the Federation starship Enterprise is called to Nimbus III, the Planet of Intergalactic Peace. They are to negotiate in a case of kidnapping only to find out that the kidnapper is a relative of Spock. This man is possessed by his life long search for the planet Shaka-Ri which is supposed to be the source of all life. Together they begin to search for this mysterious planet.
"Title: Five Nights at Freddy's: The Fan Movie | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: What was once a place of joy and happiness is now a place of ruin and despair; haunted by a horrifying past, and the animatronic entertainers. Mike Schimdt, is tricked and now forced to work the night shift at the children's pizzeria ""Freddy Fazbear's Pizza"". While he is working the night shift, he notices strange behavior in the robots, who hunt him throughout the night. Now, not only will Mike have to survive the night shift, but he must also avoid being the next victim of a child killer who is responsible for the pizzeria's grieving past.."
Title: Maverick | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, drama, western | Overview: Maverick is a gambler who would rather con someone than fight them, and needs an additional three thousand dollars in order to enter a winner-takes-all poker game that begins in a few days, so he joins forces with a woman gambler with a marvellous southern accent, and the two try and enter the game.
Title: A Perfect Murder | Genres: crime, thriller, drama | Overview: Millionaire industrialist Steven Taylor is a man who has everything but what he craves most: the love and fidelity of his wife. A hugely successful player in the New York financial world, he considers her to be his most treasured acquisition. But she needs more than simply the role of dazzling accessory.
Title: The Bad Batch | Genres: drama, horror, science fiction | Overview: In a desert wasteland in Texas, a muscled cannibal breaks one important rule: don’t play with your food.
Title: Dope | Genres: crime, drama, comedy | Overview: Malcolm is carefully surviving life in a tough neighborhood in Los Angeles while juggling college applications, academic interviews, and the SAT. A chance invitation to an underground party leads him into an adventure that could allow him to go from being a geek, to being dope, to ultimately being himself.
Title: Black Knight | Genres: comedy, fantasy, adventure | Overview: Martin Lawrence plays Jamal, an employee in Medieval World amusement park. After nearly drowning in the moat, he awakens to find himself in 14th century England.
Title: Cosmic Sex | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Cosmic Sex is a 2014 art-house Independent Bengali Film written and directed by Amitabh Chakraborty and produced by Putul Mahmood. The film deals with the connection between Sex and Spirituality.Cosmic Sex is the story of a young man Kripa who is on the run from sex and violence one night in Kolkata when he meets a woman Sadhavi who strangely resembles his dead mother. She gives him shelter and teaches him to travel inwards through sex. The film deals with Dehotatva (worshipping through one’s own body) and explores the connection between Sex and Spirituality. The film stars Rii Sen who won the best actress award at Osian's Cinefan Festival of Asian and Arab Cinema for her bold act in the movie.[
Title: Along Came Polly | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Reuben Feffer is a guy who's spent his entire life playing it safe. Polly Prince is irresistible as a free-spirit who lives for the thrill of the moment. When these two comically mismatched souls collide, Reuben's world is turned upside down, as he makes an uproarious attempt to change his life from middle-of-the-road to totally-out-there.
Title: Buffy the Vampire Slayer | Genres: action, comedy, horror | Overview: Blonde, bouncy Buffy is your typical high school cheerleader. But all that changes when a strange man informs her she's been chosen by fate to kill vampires.
Title: Kill Chain | Genres: thriller | Overview: A hotel room shootout between two assassins kicks off a long night where bodies fall like dominoes, as we follow a chain of crooked cops, gangsters, hitmen, a femme Fatale and an ex-mercenary through a relay of murder, betrayal, revenge and redemption.
Title: Blindness | Genres: drama, mystery, science fiction, thriller | Overview: When a sudden plague of blindness devastates a city, a small group of the afflicted band together to triumphantly overcome the horrific conditions of their imposed quarantine.
Title: The Beast | Genres: horror, drama, fantasy | Overview: The head of a failing French family thinks that fate has smiled down on him when the daughter of a wealthy man agrees to be married to his son. The daughter and her aunt then travel out to the French countryside to meet with the family, unaware that a mysterious 'beast' is stalking the vicinity.
Title: Belzebuth | Genres: horror, fantasy | Overview: While leading a police investigation of a massacre in a public school at the border of Mexico and U.S.A, special Agent Emanuel Ritter links this strange case to the coming and rising of the ancient demon Belzebuth. But in order to stop the trail of upcoming infanticides, Ritter shall have to confront himself before dealing with the forces of good and evil.
Title: Leaving Las Vegas | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Ben Sanderson, an alcoholic Hollywood screenwriter who lost everything because of his drinking, arrives in Las Vegas to drink himself to death. There, he meets and forms an uneasy friendship and non-interference pact with prostitute Sera.
Title: The Astronaut's Wife | Genres: drama, science fiction, thriller | Overview: When astronaut Spencer Armacost returns to Earth after a mission that nearly cost him his life, he decides to take a desk job in order to see his beautiful wife, Jillian, more often. Gradually, Jillian notices that Spencer's personality seems to have changed, but her concerns fade when she discovers that she's pregnant. As Jillian grows closer to becoming a mother, her suspicions about Spencer return. Why does it seem as if he's a different person?
Title: Soldier Boy | Genres: war, drama | Overview: The film is based on real events. This is a story about exciting events that occurred in the life of the smallest soldier - the hero of the Great Patriotic War, six-year-old Sergei Aleshkov. He lost all his relatives and got into the army. With a six-year-old boy, they started playing the soldier game in order to preserve his childhood, and he, in order to comply with this honorary title, became a real defender of the Motherland.
Title: Lean on Pete | Genres: drama, adventure | Overview: Charley Thompson, a teenager living with his single father, gets a summer job working for horse trainer Del Montgomery. Bonding with an aging racehorse named Lean on Pete, Charley is horrified to learn he is bound for slaughter, and so he steals the horse, and the duo embark on an odyssey across the new American frontier.
Title: The Purity of Vengeance | Genres: crime, thriller, mystery, drama | Overview: Copenhagen, Denmark, 2018. A frightening discovery is made in an old apartment. The subsequent investigation of Department Q members leads them to an infamous institution for girls that was suddenly closed in the early sixties.
Title: Journey to the West: The Demons Strike Back | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: Tang Monk brings three disciples on a journey to the West. On the outside, everything seems harmonious. However, tension is present beneath the surface, and their hearts and minds are not in agreement. After a series of demon-capturing events, the monk and his disciples gain mutual understanding of each others' hardships and unease. Finally, they resolve their inner conflict and work together to become an all-conquering, demon-exorcising team.
Title: Thoroughbred | Genres: thriller | Overview: 5 professionals rob a Horce Racetrack and a Casino Complex but when one of them makes too many mistakes, the police starts a deadliest manhunt to recover the money.
Title: Sheep & Wolves | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family, fantasy, romance | Overview: In a magical faraway land, in a picturesque little village nestled among green meadows and rolling hills, lives a flock of carefree sheep. But their pastoral and stress-free life is interrupted when a pack of wolves sets up camp in the nearby ravine.
Title: Honey: Rise Up and Dance | Genres: music, drama | Overview: Street dancer Skyler comes out of the shadow of her trained dancer sister, Tosha, & joins a dance competition with the Honey dance studio; the prize is a college scholarship.
Title: Gasoline Alley | Genres: thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: A man implicated in the triple homicide of three Hollywood starlets begins his own investigation. Needing assistance, he enlists the two detectives on his tail in order to expose a conspiracy more explosive than any of them imagined.
Title: Ella Bella Bingo | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Ella Bella Bingo and Henry are best friends, but one day a new boy moves into the neighbourhood and everything changes.
Title: Ju-on: The Grudge 2 | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: While driving , the pregnant horror-movie actress Kyôko Harase and her fiancé are in a car crash. She loses her baby and her fiancé winds up in a coma. Kyôko was cursed together with a television crew when they shot a show in the haunted house where Kayako was brutally murdered by her husband years ago. While each member of the team dies or disappears, Kyôko is informed that she has a three-and-a-half-month-old fetus in her womb.
Title: Lucy and Desi | Genres: documentary | Overview: Explore the unlikely partnership and enduring legacy of one of the most prolific power couples in entertainment history. Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz risked everything to be together.
Title: The Hole in the Ground | Genres: horror | Overview: Trying to escape her broken past, Sarah O’Neill is building a new life on the fringes of a backwood rural town with her young son Chris. A terrifying encounter with a mysterious neighbour shatters her fragile security, throwing Sarah into a spiralling nightmare of paranoia and mistrust, as she tries to uncover if the disturbing changes in her little boy are connected to an ominous sinkhole buried deep in the forest that borders their home.
Title: Driven | Genres: thriller, history | Overview: FBI informant Jim Hoffman lures troubled automobile magnate John DeLorean to an undercover sting for cocaine trafficking.
Title: The Messengers | Genres: mystery, thriller, horror | Overview: When the Solomons trade in the craziness of big-city life for the quiet of a North Dakota farm, little do they expect the nightmare that follows. Soon after arriving, teenage Jess (Kristen Stewart) and her younger brother see terrifying apparitions and endure attacks from a supernatural source. Jess must warn her disbelieving family before it is too late to save them.
Title: Barely Legal | Genres: comedy | Overview: Teenager Deacon works at a video shop, and his buddies, Fred and Matt, sell the bootleg porno films he acquires. Deacon gets fired, but the pals have the bright idea of filming their own Internet porn flick in order to make money and become more popular at school. Hijinks ensue as they cast and create their movie, but porn industry player Vic Ramalot grows jealous of their burgeoning success and tries to put a stop to the project.
Title: The Bridges of Madison County | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Photographer Robert Kincaid wanders into the life of housewife Francesca Johnson for four days in the 1960s.
Title: The Lazarus Effect | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery, science fiction | Overview: Medical researcher Frank, his fiancee Zoe and their team have achieved the impossible: they have found a way to revive the dead. After a successful, but unsanctioned, experiment on a lifeless animal, they are ready to make their work public. However, when their dean learns what they've done, he shuts them down. Zoe is killed during an attempt to recreate the experiment, leading Frank to test the process on her. Zoe is revived -- but something evil is within her.
Title: Dark Waters | Genres: drama, thriller, history | Overview: A tenacious attorney uncovers a dark secret that connects a growing number of unexplained deaths to one of the world's largest corporations. In the process, he risks everything — his future, his family, and his own life — to expose the truth.
Title: Ben & Jody | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: Since deciding to leave Filosofi Kopi, Ben has lived in his hometown and has been actively defending farmer groups whose lands have been taken over by the Company. At the same time, Jody is preparing a new concept for Filosofi Kopi which will be launched soon. Ahead of the launch event, Ben who was scheduled to attend suddenly disappears. Jody sets out to find Ben. In order to save Ben, they face life and death adventures against gangs of illegal loggers led by Tubir, until their encounter with a traditional village group that changes the map of their resistance.
Title: Operation Hyacinth | Genres: thriller | Overview: Not satisfied with the result of a murder investigation in Warsaw's gay community, an officer in 1980s communist Poland resolves to uncover the truth.
Title: Invasion: Planet Earth | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: After the death of his young daughter, Thomas Dunn is a man who has lost his faith. His life has crumbled and his confidence is shattered. Yet, on this day he wakes to discover that Mandy, his loving wife is finally pregnant again. Maybe this is their chance to move away from the tragedy of the past and for him to find his faith again. But also on this day a large alien mother-ship appears in the heavens and the people of earth are suddenly plagued with visions about the end of civilization. Tom and Mandy are split up as the mother-ship launches a massive alien fleet which attack the towns and cities of earth. Tom must look deep within himself to find not just his faith but the wisdom and strength to save the human race from the horrors that threaten them. However, first he must find Mandy, as he discovers that their new baby holds the key to the future of mankind. The battle lines are drawn and the final stance for Earth is about to begin.
Title: Critters 3 | Genres: comedy, horror, science fiction | Overview: In what appears to be a cross between Critters and The Towering Inferno, the residents of a shoddy L.A. apartment block are chased up to the roof by hoards of the eponymous hairy horrors.
Title: Day of the Dead | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Trapped in a missile silo, a small team of scientists, civilians, and trigger-happy soldiers battle desperately to ensure the survival of the human race. However, the tension inside the base is reaching a breaking point, and the zombies are gathering outside.
Title: Hercules in New York | Genres: comedy | Overview: Hercules has grown tired of his life on Mount Olympus, and wishes to visit Earth. His father Zeus forbids such a voyage, but a misdirected thunderbolt sends Hercules tumbling down the mountain and into New York City, where he's befriended by Pretzie, who runs a pretzel cart in the park. As Hercules tries to make his way in the big city with Pretzie's help, he runs afoul of a crooked wresling promoter, gets mixed up with gangsters, rides his chariot through Times Square, descends into Hell, and dines at the Automat. Just as Hercules is getting used to life on Earth, his angry father decides it's time the boy came home, and Zeus sends Nemesis and a handful of other gods to retrieve him.
Title: The Guilty | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Police officer Asger Holm, demoted to desk work as an alarm dispatcher, answers a call from a panicked woman who claims to have been kidnapped. Confined to the police station and with the phone as his only tool, Asger races against time to get help and find her.
"Title: Ragnarok | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: Archaeologist Sigurd Svendsen discovers that the Oseberg ship hides a secret from the Viking Age. Along with his two children put Sigurd out on a quest to find the truth. The mystery leads them into ""No Man's Land"" between Norway and Russia where no man traveling in modern times. Old runes take on new meaning when the secret they uncover is more frightening than anyone could have imagined."
Title: Detective Conan: Crossroad in the Ancient Capital | Genres: mystery, animation | Overview: Mouri Kogoro is called to a special case in the ancient capital of Kyoto. There, Conan meets Heiji and they team up once again to solve the case, recover the stolen Healing Buddha statue, and even discover the identity of Heiji's first love.
Title: Dragon Wars | Genres: fantasy, drama, horror, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Based on the Korean legend, unknown creatures will return and devastate the planet. Reporter Ethan Kendrick is called in to investigate the matter...
Title: Breaking Surface | Genres: thriller, drama, action | Overview: Two Swedish/Norwegian half sisters go on a winter diving trip in Northern Norway, when they get trapped after a rockslide.
"Title: The Borrowers | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action, comedy, family | Overview: The four-inch-tall Clock family secretly share a house with the normal-sized Lender family, ""borrowing"" such items as thread, safety pins, batteries and scraps of food. However, their peaceful co-existence is disturbed when evil lawyer Ocious P. Potter steals the will granting title to the house, which he plans to demolish in order to build apartments. The Lenders are forced to move, and the Clocks face the risk of being exposed to the normal-sized world."
Title: Johnny Mnemonic | Genres: science fiction, thriller, adventure, action, drama | Overview: In a dystopian 2021, Johnny is a data trafficker who has an implant that allows him to securely store data too sensitive for regular computer networks. On one delivery run, he accepts a package that not only exceeds the implant's safety limits—and will kill him if the data is not removed in time—but also contains information far more important and valuable than he had ever imagined. On a race against time, he must avoid the assassins sent to kill him and remove the data before it, too, ends his life.
Title: Glory | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: Robert Gould Shaw leads the US Civil War's first all-black volunteer company, fighting prejudices of both his own Union army and the Confederates.
Title: Apollo 10½: A Space Age Childhood | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy | Overview: A man narrates stories of his life as a 10-year-old boy in 1969 Houston, weaving tales of nostalgia with a fantastical account of a journey to the moon.
Title: Dark Angel | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction, crime, horror | Overview: Jack Caine is a Houston vice cop who's forgotten the rule book. His self-appointed mission is to stop the drugs trade and the number one supplier Victor Manning. Whilst involved in an undercover operation to entrap Victor Manning, his partner gets killed, and a sinister newcomer enters the scene...
Title: We Die Young | Genres: drama, action, crime, thriller | Overview: Lucas, a 14-year-old boy inducted into the gang life in Washington D.C., is determined that his 10-year-old brother won't follow the same path. When an Afghanistan war veteran comes into the neighborhood, an opportunity arises.
Title: Wild Rose | Genres: music, comedy, drama | Overview: A young Scottish singer, Rose-Lynn Harlan, dreams of making it as a country artist in Nashville after being released from prison.
Title: Puella Magi Madoka Magica the Movie Part I: Beginnings | Genres: thriller, animation, fantasy | Overview: Madoka Kaname, an ordinary middle-schooler, along with her best friend Sayaka Miki, are offered the chance to have any wish they want granted by the mysterious Kyubey, and become magical girls and fight witches. However, fellow magical girl Homura Akemi seems intent on stopping Madoka from becoming a magical girl at any cost. Puella Magi Madoka Magica the Movie Part I: Beginnings is a retelling of the first half of the TV anime series.
Title: Mickey's Twice Upon a Christmas | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Santa Claus, Mickey Mouse and all his Disney pals star in an original movie about the importance of opening your heart to the true spirit of Christmas. Stubborn old Donald tries in vain to resist the joys of the season, and Mickey and Pluto learn a great lesson about the power of friendship.
Title: Balto III: Wings of Change | Genres: family, adventure, animation | Overview: Balto and the other sled dogs are feeling dejected because the mail that used to be delivered by dogsled is now being delivered by airplanes. But when a mail plane crashes in the mountains, the dogs come to the rescue.
Title: The Gendarme and the Gendarmettes | Genres: comedy | Overview: Cruchot's police office moves into a new building. They do not only get high tech equipment, but also four young female police officers to educate. All of them scramble to work with them -- and cause pure chaos while being distracted by the fine ladies. Then they get into real trouble when one after the other of their female colleagues is kidnapped.
Title: The Pool | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: Left alone to clean up a 6-meter-deep deserted pool, Day falls asleep on an inflatable raft. When he wakes, the water level has sunk so low that he can't climb out on his own. Stuck in the pool, Day screams for help, but the only thing that hears him is a creature from a nearby crocodile farm.
Title: Life of Crime | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Two common criminals get more than they bargained for after kidnapping the wife of a corrupt real-estate developer who shows no interest in paying the $1 million dollar ransom for her safe return.
Title: The Back-Up Plan | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: When Zoe tires of looking for Mr. Right, she decides to have a baby on her own. But on the day she's artificially inseminated, she meets Stan, who seems to be just who she's been searching for all her life. Now, Zoe has to figure out how to make her two life's dreams fit with each other.
Title: El Angel | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Buenos Aires, Argentina, 1971. Carlos Robledo Puch is a 19-year-old boy with an angelic face, but a vocational thief as well, who acts ruthlessly, without remorse. When he meets Ramón, they follow together a dark path of crime and death.
Title: The Marine 2 | Genres: action | Overview: Rebels seize control of the hotel where a Marine sniper and his wife are staying. Can he save the day?
Title: Call of Heroes | Genres: adventure, action | Overview: During the warlords era in China, a village located in rural area called Pucheng fell into dangerous situation when its government allocated all its military force to the front line, the cruel commandant Cao from the enemy troops arrived the village and killed the innocent, the guardians of Pucheng were desperate to fight against Cao for justice and to protect their homeland.
"Title: Mickey Blue Eyes | Genres: comedy, crime, romance | Overview: An English auctioneer proposes to the daughter of a mafia kingpin, only to realize that certain ""favors"" would be asked of him."
"Title: Kids | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Telly makes it his goal to have sex with as many different girls as he can. Jenny, a girl who has had sex only once, with Telly, tests positive for HIV. When Jenny discovers that Telly's idea of ""safe sex"" is to only have sex with virgins, and is continuing to pass the disease onto other unsuspecting girls, Jenny makes it her business to try to stop him."
Title: Show Dogs | Genres: adventure, crime, family, comedy | Overview: Max, a macho, solitary Rottweiler police dog is ordered to go undercover as a primped show dog in a prestigious Dog Show, along with his human partner, to avert a disaster from happening.
Title: Another Gay Movie | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: In the dirtiest, funniest, most scandalous gay-teen-sex-comedy-parody ever, four young gay friends make a pact to lose their virginity by the end of the summer. The boys soon face giant sex toys, naked celebrities, masochistic teachers and an uncontrollable romance with a quiche.
Title: Adventures of Arsène Lupin | Genres: romance, action, adventure, crime, mystery | Overview: As the daring thief Arsène Lupin (Duris) ransacks the homes of wealthy Parisians, the police, with a secret weapon in their arsenal, attempt to ferret him out.
Title: Mutiny on the Bounty | Genres: adventure, drama, history | Overview: The Bounty leaves Portsmouth in 1787. Its destination: to sail to Tahiti and load bread-fruit. Captain Bligh will do anything to get there as fast as possible, using any means to keep up a strict discipline. When they arrive at Tahiti, it is like a paradise for the crew, something completely different than the living hell aboard the ship. On the way back to England, officer Fletcher Christian becomes the leader of a mutiny.
Title: 100 Things | Genres: comedy | Overview: Best friends Toni and Paul decide to relinquish all of their belongings for 100 days, whereby they receive one of their items back on each day. During this challenge the two realize, that the only thing they cannot be without is their friendship. A story about contemporary materialism and the quest for the truely important things in life.
Title: Open Water 2: Adrift | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: A weekend cruise on a luxurious party yacht goes horribly wrong for a group of old high-school friends when they get stuck in the water many miles from shore and a happy reunion turns into a fight for survival.
Title: Help! I'm a Fish | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy | Overview: Three children accidentally get turned into fish after drinking a potion made by an eccentric scientist. The kids end up in the sea, with one problem. They must find and drink the antidote within 48 hours, or forever remain as fish.
Title: Last Holiday | Genres: adventure, comedy, drama | Overview: After she's diagnosed with a terminal illness, a shy woman decides to take a European vacation.
Title: Unstable Fables: 3 Pigs & a Baby | Genres: family, animation, comedy | Overview: When the three pigs find a tiny wolf cub on their doorstep, they decide to raise him as their own, unaware that they've played right into the plan of a special-ops team of wolves. As the newest addition to their family, Lucky grows into his teens not knowing his history, his role in the wolves' plan or the difficult choice he will have to make about the family that raised him.
Title: Almost Friends | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: A man in his mid-20s, still living at home with his mother and stepfather, puts all his eggs in one basket: the girl who works at his local coffee shop. The problem is, she has a serious boyfriend. As they become closer, the line between friendship and intimacy is blurred, and the situation forces both to examine where they are in their lives.
Title: Glass Houses | Genres: thriller, tv movie | Overview: Teenage babysitter Carrie Dawson has a chip on her shoulder on the heels of a humiliating family scandal. When she finds out that neighborhood Queen Bee Madeline Cooper may be to blame, she is determined to exact revenge - even if it means discovering and exposing Madeline's own scandalous secret. As Carrie gets closer to the truth, will Madeline's world come tumbling down?
Title: The Keeper of Lost Causes | Genres: thriller, mystery, crime | Overview: Denmark, 2013. Police officers Carl Mørck and Hafez el-Assad, sole members of Department Q, which is focused on closing cold cases, investigate the disappearance of politician Merete Lynggaard, vanished when she and her brother were traveling aboard a ferry five years ago.
Title: The Pink Panther 2 | Genres: comedy, mystery | Overview: When legendary treasures from around the world are stolen, including the priceless Pink Panther Diamond, Chief Inspector Dreyfus is forced to assign Inspector Clouseau to a team of international detectives and experts charged with catching the thief and retrieving the stolen artifacts.
Title: Awake | Genres: thriller | Overview: A man wakes in a hospital bed with no recollection of who he is, and learns that he's wanted by the police for a committing a series of murders.
Title: Hellraiser III: Hell on Earth | Genres: horror | Overview: Pinhead is trapped in the Pillar of Souls. Fortunately for him it is bought by a young playboy who owns his own nightclub. Pinhead busies himself escaping by getting the playboy to lure victims to his presence so he can use their blood. Once free, he seeks to destroy the puzzle box so he need never return to Hell, but a female reporter is investigating the grisly murders and stands in his way.
Title: Around the World in Eighty Days | Genres: adventure, comedy, family, fantasy, romance | Overview: Based on the famous book by Jules Verne the movie follows Phileas Fogg on his journey around the world. Which has to be completed within 80 days, a very short period for those days.
Title: 3 Days to Kill | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: A dangerous international spy is determined to give up his high stakes life to finally build a closer relationship with his estranged wife and daughter. But first, he must complete one last mission - even if it means juggling the two toughest assignments yet: hunting down the world's most ruthless terrorist and looking after his teenage daughter for the first time in ten years, while his wife is out of town.
Title: Power Rangers Super Megaforce: The Legendary Battle | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Heroic teens Troy, Noah, Emma, Gia, and Jake have defended our planet countless times as the newest generation of Power Rangers. But when evil Emperor Mavro launches his entire alien Armada in a final strike against Earth, these five best friends are called back into action! To defeat the greatest threat the galaxy has ever seen, the Megaforce will reunite with their alien friend Orion, and fight alongside over a hundred Rangers from the past - including Tommy, the original Mighty Morphin Green Ranger - in the most legendary battle in Power Ranger history!
Title: Becoming | Genres: science fiction, drama, thriller, horror | Overview: A couple on a road trip through America encounter a terrifying dark force older than the country itself. An evil that transforms loved ones into someone terrifying, the entity has left a trail of murdered families going back hundreds of years.
Title: 2-Headed Shark Attack | Genres: horror, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: A Semester at Sea ship is attacked and sunk by a mutated two-headed shark, and the survivors seek refuge on a deserted atoll. The coeds, however, are no longer safe when the atoll starts flooding.
Title: Eraserhead | Genres: fantasy, horror | Overview: Henry Spencer tries to survive his industrial environment, his angry girlfriend, and the unbearable screams of his newly born mutant child.
Title: Jackie | Genres: drama | Overview: An account of the days of First Lady, Jacqueline Kennedy, in the immediate aftermath of John F. Kennedy's assassination in 1963.
"Title: Heart of Batman | Genres: documentary | Overview: In the early 1990s, a rare gathering of talent defined Batman for a generation. Twenty-five years later, ""Batman: The Animated Series"" continues to inspire fans and myth-makers all over the world. This is an in-depth look at the storytellers behind the series."
Title: Silenced | Genres: drama | Overview: Based on actual events that took place at Gwangju Inhwa School for the hearing-impaired, where young deaf students were the victims of repeated sexual assaults by faculty members over a period of five years in the early 2000s.
Title: The Current War | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Electricity titans Thomas Edison and George Westinghouse compete to create a sustainable system and market it to the American people.
Title: Salma's Big Wish | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: In the Mexican town of Santa Clara, Salma, a 16 year-old orphan who never got to meet her biological parents, has spent most of her life searching for clues of their identities and whereabouts, that is until she discovers a special book that is filled with stories of the town's past and the history of it's people.
Title: Navy Seals vs. Zombies | Genres: horror, action | Overview: A team of highly skilled Navy SEALS find themselves embarking on the battle of their lives when they come face-to-face with the undead. After a deadly outbreak occurs in New Orleans, the SEALS must fight for their lives, and the city, against an army of zombies.
Title: Gabriel | Genres: fantasy, horror, action, science fiction | Overview: Gabriel tells the story of an archangel who fights to bring light back to purgatory - a place where darkness rules - and save the souls of the city's inhabitants.
Title: Three Colors: White | Genres: comedy, drama, mystery | Overview: Polish immigrant Karol Karol finds himself out of a marriage, a job and a country when his French wife, Dominique, divorces him after six months due to his impotence. Forced to leave France after losing the business they jointly owned, Karol enlists fellow Polish expatriate Mikolah to smuggle him back to their homeland.
Title: Beyond the Edge | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action | Overview: Contemporary Moscow. A talented gambler gathers a team of people with supernatural powers to win big at a casino. But they find a much stronger mystical rival.
Title: Good Morning, Vietnam | Genres: comedy, drama, war | Overview: Radio funny man Adrian Cronauer is sent to Vietnam to bring a little comedy back into the lives of the soldiers. After setting up shop, Cronauer delights the G.I.s but shocks his superior officer, Sergeant Major Dickerson, with his irreverent take on the war. While Dickerson attempts to censor Cronauer's broadcasts, Cronauer pursues a relationship with a Vietnamese girl named Trinh, who shows him the horrors of war first-hand.
Title: God of War | Genres: action, history | Overview: During the 16th century, pirates rule the Chinese coastline, pillaging the small villages and terrorizing the citizens. When maverick leader Commander Yu enlists the help of a sharp young general, they devise a plan to defeat the pirates. A violent clash of wit and weapons will decide who will rule the land.
Title: Milk Money | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Three young boys pool their money and pay V, a kindhearted prostitute, to strip for them. Afterward, she drives them home to the suburbs -- but then her car breaks down. It's just as well, though, because a mobster named Waltzer is after her, and V realizes the suburbs are the perfect place to hide. But things get a lot more complicated when V falls in love with Tom, a single father who is unaware of her real profession.
Title: Bullitt | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Senator Walter Chalmers is aiming to take down mob boss Pete Ross with the help of testimony from the criminal's hothead brother Johnny, who is in protective custody in San Francisco under the watch of police lieutenant Frank Bullitt. When a pair of mob hitmen enter the scene, Bullitt follows their trail through a maze of complications and double-crosses. This thriller includes one of the most famous car chases ever filmed.
Title: Cardcaptor Sakura: The Sealed Card | Genres: comedy, animation, adventure, fantasy, romance, action | Overview: All of the Clow Cards have been captured, and Sakura Kinomoto, the new Master of the Cards, is preparing to play the lead in the play for the town festival. However, a new evil force is causing mysterious events all over Tomoeda, including the disappearance of Sakura's cards. With Syaoran's help, Sakura must figure out the cause of these events, and save her town.
Title: The Killer | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Mob assassin Jeffrey is no ordinary hired gun; the best in his business, he views his chosen profession as a calling rather than simply a job. So, when beautiful nightclub chanteuse Jennie is blinded in the crossfire of his most recent hit, Jeffrey chooses to retire after one last job to pay for his unintended victim's sight-restoring operation. But when Jeffrey is double-crossed, he reluctantly joins forces with a rogue policeman to make things right.
Title: Five Children and It | Genres: adventure, fantasy, drama, science fiction, family | Overview: A Psammead is 'It', an ancient, irritable, ugly sand fairy, which five children find one day in a gravel pit. As a reward for finding him, It grants the children one wish a day, the results of which will last until sunset.
Title: Run the Tide | Genres: drama | Overview: When their drug abusing mother is released from prison determined to rebuild their family, Rey kidnaps his younger brother Oliver and escapes their desert home for the California coast.
Title: A Ghost Story | Genres: drama, fantasy | Overview: Recently deceased, a white-sheeted ghost returns to his suburban home to console his bereft wife, only to find that in his spectral state he has become unstuck in time, forced to watch passively as the life he knew and the woman he loves slowly slip away.
Title: Inside | Genres: horror | Overview: Four months after the death of her husband, a woman on the brink of motherhood is tormented in her home by a strange woman who wants her unborn baby.
Title: Cinderella and the Secret Prince | Genres: animation, adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: Cinderella discovers a secret that could shake their world: an evil witch turned the prince into a mouse and replaced him with a look-alike. Cinderella and her friends must save the real prince and help him defeat the evil witch.
Title: Play or Die | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: Welcome to Paranoia, the ultimate escape game. Rule #1: Nothing is real. Rule #2: One of you will die. Lucas and Chloe, two passionate gamers, decide to participate to Paranoia, a very exclusive escape game. After solving a first riddle, they make it to the location of the finale in an abandoned mental hospital, lost in a frightening forest. There, four other participants are waiting on them. They soon realize that only one of them will get out of there alive.
Title: Rape Zombie: Lust of the Dead | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: After a nuclear attack in Tokyo, the female population is attacked by infected males who have become sex-crazed zombies, hungry for human flesh. Officeworker Momoko and nurse Nozomi seek shelter in a Shinto Shrine, where they meet housewife Kanae and school girl Tamae. With no choices left to them, the group of girls decides to take a stand and arm themselves with assault rifles and explosives to fight off hordes of horny zombies. What is the secret to killing the zombies for good?
Title: The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari | Genres: drama, horror, thriller, crime | Overview: Francis, a young man, recalls in his memory the horrible experiences he and his fiancée Jane recently went through. Francis and his friend Alan visit The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari, an exhibit where the mysterious doctor shows the somnambulist Cesare, and awakens him for some moments from his death-like sleep.
Title: The Show | Genres: drama, fantasy, mystery | Overview: A man goes on a mission to locate a stolen artifact for a client, which leads him to a haunted town full of vampires, sleeping beauties, and Voodoo gangsters.
Title: JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Diamond Is Unbreakable – Chapter 1 | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, thriller | Overview: Morioh, 1999—a normally quiet and peaceful town has recently become a hotbed of strange activity. Jōtarō Kūjō, now a marine biologist, heads to the mysterious town to meet Jōsuke Higashikata. While the two may seem like strangers at first, Jōsuke is actually the illegitimate child of Jōtarō's grandfather, Joseph Joestar. When they meet, Jōtarō realizes that he may have more in common with Jōsuke than just a blood relation. Along with the mild-mannered Kōichi Hirose and the boisterous Okuyasu Nijimura, the group dedicates themselves to investigating recent disappearances and other suspicious occurrences within Morioh. Aided by the power of Stands, the four men will encounter danger at every street corner, as it is up to them to unravel the town's secrets, before another occurs.
Title: The Land Before Time IV: Journey Through the Mists | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: Littlefoot and his dinosaur pals go in search of a medicinal flower that will cure his ailing grandfather.
Title: Reindeer Games | Genres: thriller, action, crime, drama | Overview: After assuming his dead cellmate's identity to get with his girlfriend, an ex-con finds himself the reluctant participant in a casino heist.
Title: Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A small-town girl wins a date with a Hollywood star through a contest. When the date goes better than expected, a love triangle forms between the girl, the celebrity, and the girl's best friend.
"Title: A Royal Winter | Genres: tv movie, romance | Overview: While on a last-minute European holiday, a young woman finds herself in the middle of a real-life fairy tale when a chance meeting with a handsome local leads to something more. However, things get complicated when she learns that the ""local"" is actually a prince who is about to be crowned King, and whose mother is dead-set against her royal son's romance with the tourist."
Title: Madea's Big Happy Family | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: When Shirley, Madea's niece, receives distressing news about her health, the only thing she wants is her family gathered around her. However, Shirley's three adult children are too preoccupied with their own troubled lives to pay attention to their mother. It is up to Madea, with the help of rowdy Aunt Bam, to bring the clan together and help Shirley deal with her crisis.
Title: Blade Runner: Black Out 2022 | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: This animated short revolves around the events causing an electrical systems failure on the west coast of the US. According to Blade Runner 2049’s official timeline, this failure leads to cities shutting down, financial and trade markets being thrown into chaos, and food supplies dwindling. There’s no proof as to what caused the blackouts, but Replicants — the bio-engineered robots featured in the original Blade Runner, are blamed.
Title: Race to Witch Mountain | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy, science fiction, thriller, action | Overview: A taxi driver gets more than he bargained for when he picks up two teen runaways. Not only does the pair possess supernatural powers, but they're also trying desperately to escape people who have made them their targets.
Title: The Phantom of the Opera | Genres: thriller, drama, romance | Overview: Deformed since birth, a bitter man known only as the Phantom lives in the sewers underneath the Paris Opera House. He falls in love with the obscure chorus singer Christine, and privately tutors her while terrorizing the rest of the opera house and demanding Christine be given lead roles. Things get worse when Christine meets back up with her childhood acquaintance Raoul and the two fall in love
Title: Piglet's Big Movie | Genres: animation, family | Overview: When the gang from the Hundred Acre Wood begin a honey harvest, young Piglet is excluded and told that he is too small to help. Feeling inferior, Piglet disappears and his pals Eeyore, Rabbit, Tigger, Roo and Winnie the Pooh must use Piglet's scrapbook as a map to find him. In the process they discover that this very small animal has been a big hero in a lot of ways.
Title: King Kong vs. Godzilla | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: US version. The re-edited John Beck version of the film: released outside of Japan and restructured with new footage of American actors centering around a news report plot not present in the original. Eric Carter of United Nation News is joined by Dr. Arnold Johnson as a prehistoric monster emerges from hibernation while a pharmaceutical company seeks publicity with their own monster.
Title: Open Range | Genres: western | Overview: A former gunslinger is forced to take up arms again when he and his cattle crew are threatened by a corrupt lawman.
Title: Porno Girls | Genres: crime | Overview: A politician goes to a brothel and learns his daughter works there
Title: Disclosure | Genres: thriller, drama, crime | Overview: A computer specialist is sued for sexual harassment by a former lover turned boss who initiated the act forcefully, which threatens both his career and his personal life.
Title: Forbidden Empire | Genres: thriller, adventure, mystery, fantasy, horror, science fiction | Overview: Early 18th century. Cartographer Jonathan Green undertakes a scientific voyage from Europe to the East. Having passed through Transylvania and crossed the Carpathian Mountains, he finds himself in a small village lost in impassible woods. Nothing but chance and heavy fog could bring him to this cursed place. People who live here do not resemble any other people which the traveler saw before that. The villagers, having dug a deep moat to fend themselves from the rest of the world, share a naive belief that they could save themselves from evil, failing to understand that evil has made its nest in their souls and is waiting for an opportunity to gush out upon the world.
Title: Grave Encounters | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A crew from a paranormal reality television show lock themselves in a haunted psychiatric hospital. They search for evidence of paranormal activity as they shoot what ends up becoming their final episode.
Title: The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance | Genres: western | Overview: A senator, who became famous for killing a notorious outlaw, returns for the funeral of an old friend and tells the truth about his deed.
"Title: Analyze This | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Countless wiseguy films are spoofed in this film that centers on the neuroses and angst of a powerful Mafia racketeer who suffers from panic attacks. When Paul Vitti needs help dealing with his role in the ""family,"" unlucky shrink Dr. Ben Sobel is given just days to resolve Vitti's emotional crisis and turn him into a happy, well-adjusted gangster."
Title: Poltergeist III | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Carol Anne has been sent to live with her Aunt and Uncle in an effort to hide her from the clutches of the ghostly Reverend Kane, but he tracks her down and terrorises her in her relatives' appartment in a tall glass building. Will he finally achieve his target and capture Carol Anne again, or will Tangina be able, yet again, to thwart him?
"Title: Bewitched | Genres: comedy, fantasy, romance | Overview: Thinking he can overshadow an unknown actress in the part, an egocentric actor unknowingly gets a witch cast in an upcoming television remake of the classic show ""Bewitched""."
Title: Under Siege | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Disgruntled ex-CIA operative Strannix, his assistant Krill and their group of terrorists seize the battleship with nuclear blackmail in mind. They've planned for every contingency but ignore the ship's cook, former Navy SEAL Casey Ryback -- an error that could be fatal.
Title: Always Be My Maybe | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Reunited after 15 years, famous chef Sasha and hometown musician Marcus feel the old sparks of attraction but struggle to adapt to each other's worlds.
Title: Burn Out | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Tony, a promising young motorcycle racer, is forced to do perilous drug runs to save the mother of his child from a dangerous mobster.
Title: Solaris | Genres: drama, science fiction, mystery | Overview: A psychologist is sent to a space station orbiting a planet called Solaris to investigate the death of a doctor and the mental problems of cosmonauts on the station. He soon discovers that the water on the planet is a type of brain which brings out repressed memories and obsessions.
Title: The Shipping News | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: An emotionally-beaten man with his young daughter moves to his ancestral home in Newfoundland to reclaim his life.
Title: The Domestics | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A young husband and wife must fight to return home in a post-apocalyptic mid-western landscape ravaged by gangs.
Title: Guess Who | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: When a young African-American woman brings her fiancé home to meet her parents, she's neglected to mention one tiny detail - he's white.
Title: Definitely, Maybe | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: When Will decides to tell his daughter the story of how he met her mother, he discovers that a second look at the past might also give him a second chance at the future.
Title: The Fear of God: 25 Years of The Exorcist | Genres: documentary | Overview: A behind-the-scenes retrospective made for the twenty-fifth anniversary of the classic horror film, The Exorcist. Includes interviews with Linda Blair and the other stars of the film, along with commentary from the director and writer on some of the deeper meanings behind the elements they used to terrify their audiences, and previously unreleased footage including make-up tests and deleted scenes.
Title: Chocolat | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A fable of emotional liberation and chocolate. A mother and daughter move to a small French town where they open a chocolate shop. The town, religious and morally strict, is against them as they represent free-thinking and indulgence. When a group of Boat Gypsies float down the river the prejudices of the Mayor leads to a crisis.
Title: The Wolverine | Genres: action, science fiction, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Wolverine faces his ultimate nemesis - and tests of his physical, emotional, and mortal limits - in a life-changing voyage to modern-day Japan.
Title: Lion of the Desert | Genres: action, history, war | Overview: This movie tells the story of Omar Mukhtar, an Arab Muslim rebel who fought against the Italian conquest of Libya in WWII. It gives western viewers a glimpse into this little-known region and chapter of history, and exposes the savage means by which the conquering army attempted to subdue the natives.
Title: A Troll in Central Park | Genres: fantasy, animation, science fiction, family | Overview: A friendly troll with a magic green thumb grows one flower too many for the queen, whose laws require all trolls to be mean ugly and scare humans whenever possible. As a punishment, he is exiled to a world of concrete, where he should live a life of proper trolldom: Manhattan.
Title: Miss Americana | Genres: documentary, music | Overview: A raw and emotionally revealing look at one of the most iconic artists of our time during a transformational period in her life as she learns to embrace her role not only as a songwriter and performer, but as a woman harnessing the full power of her voice.
Title: Kate & Leopold | Genres: comedy, fantasy, romance | Overview: When her scientist ex-boyfriend discovers a portal to travel through time -- and brings back a 19th-century nobleman named Leopold to prove it -- a skeptical Kate reluctantly takes responsibility for showing Leopold the 21st century. The more time Kate spends with Leopold, the harder she falls for him. But if he doesn't return to his own time, his absence will forever alter history.
Title: Your Friend the Rat | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Let's face it, rats are not the most beloved creatures on earth. However, maybe this little tale about the history of human and rat interaction will change the world's tune. At least that is the hope of Remy, the star of Ratatouille, and his reluctant brother Emile as they guide us through world history from a rat's perspective. Why can't we all just get along?
Title: Fair Game | Genres: action, thriller, romance | Overview: Max Kirkpatrick is a cop who protects Kate McQuean, a civil law attorney, from a renegade KGB team out to terminate her
"Title: The 100th Love with You | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: On July 27th, university student Aoi Hinata (Miwa) has an accident. When she wakes up, Aoi Hinata finds herself in a classroom from one week before the accident. At that time, her childhood friend Riku Hasegawa (Kentaro Sakaguchi) tells her ""I will tell you a secret. I can turn back time."" Aoi Hinata and Riku Hasegawa like each other, but never expressed their feelings. They share their feelings for each other and go back to one year earlier. They spend their time happily as girlfriend and boyfriend, but there is a big secret behind the time slip. In addition, July 27 is approaching."
Title: We Need to Talk About Kevin | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: After her son Kevin commits a horrific act, troubled mother Eva reflects on her complicated relationship with her disturbed son as he grew from a toddler into a teenager.
Title: Cruel Intentions 2 | Genres: drama | Overview: After his precocious behavior has gotten him bounced out of one more in a string of exclusive private schools, 16-year old Sebastian Valmont has arrived in New York City to live with his father and stepmother. The cunning and handsome Sebastian may have met his match, however in his equally manipulative and beautiful stepsister Kathryn Merteuil.
Title: Down a Dark Hall | Genres: thriller, drama, fantasy, horror | Overview: Kit, a troubled girl, is sent to the exclusive Blackwood boarding school, where she discovers that only four other female students have been admitted to learn the four pillars of knowledge under the ominous wing of the mysterious headmistress Madame Duret.
Title: Persona | Genres: drama | Overview: A young nurse, Alma, is put in charge of Elisabeth Vogler: an actress who is seemingly healthy in all respects, but will not talk. As they spend time together, Alma speaks to Elisabeth constantly, never receiving any answer. The time they spend together only strengthens the crushing realization that one does not exist.
"Title: Fading Gigolo | Genres: comedy | Overview: Fioravante decides to become a professional Don Juan as a way of making money to help his cash-strapped friend, Murray. With Murray acting as his ""manager"", the duo quickly finds themselves caught up in the crosscurrents of love and money."
Title: Men Behind the Sun | Genres: war, history, horror, drama | Overview: The film is a graphic depiction of the war atrocities committed by the Japanese at Unit 731, the secret biological weapons experimentation unit of the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II. The film details the various cruel medical experiments Unit 731 inflicted upon the Chinese and Soviet prisoners at the tail-end of the war.
Title: The One and Only Ivan | Genres: family, comedy, drama | Overview: A gorilla named Ivan who’s living in a suburban shopping mall tries to piece together his past, with the help of other animals, as they hatch a plan to escape from captivity.
Title: Another Egg and Chicken Movie | Genres: animation, comedy, adventure | Overview: Toto, now a chicken, tries to live as such, while Willy and Bibi deal some problems between them. A sorcerer egg desert needs a chicken heart to cast a spell. He sends his armies of eggs vulture, ostrich and scorpion to kidnap Toto. His friends embark on a journey through the desert to rescue the chicken, where they live countless adventures
Title: Camp X-Ray | Genres: drama | Overview: A young woman joins the military to be part of something bigger than herself and her small-town roots. Instead, she ends up as a new guard at Guantanamo Bay, where her mission is far from black and white. Surrounded by hostile jihadists and aggressive squadmates, she strikes up an unusual friendship with one of the detainees.
Title: Philadelphia | Genres: drama | Overview: Two competing lawyers join forces to sue a prestigious law firm for AIDS discrimination. As their unlikely friendship develops their courage overcomes the prejudice and corruption of their powerful adversaries.
Title: Raw Deal | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Mark Kaminsky is kicked out of the FBI for his rough treatment of a suspect. He winds up as the sheriff of a small town in North Carolina. FBI Chief Harry Shannon, whose son has been killed by a mobster named Patrovina, enlists Kaminsky in a personal vendetta with a promise of reinstatement into the FBI if Patrovina is taken down. To accomplish this, he must go undercover and join Patrovina's gang.
Title: Julia's Eyes | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: The story of a woman who is slowly losing her sight whilst trying to investigate the mysterious death of her twin sister.
Title: Colonia | Genres: drama, romance, thriller, horror | Overview: A young woman's desperate search for her abducted boyfriend draws her into the infamous Colonia Dignidad, a sect nobody ever escaped from.
Title: The Ides of March | Genres: drama | Overview: Dirty tricks stand to soil an ambitious young press spokesman's idealism in a cutthroat presidential campaign where 'victory' is relative.
Title: The Money Pit | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: After being evicted from their Manhattan apartment, a couple buy what looks like the home of their dreams—only to find themselves saddled with a bank-account-draining nightmare. Struggling to keep their relationship together as their rambling mansion falls to pieces around them, the two watch in hilarious horror as everything—including the kitchen sink—disappears into the Money Pit.
Title: Monster High: 13 Wishes | Genres: family, fantasy, music, animation | Overview: It’s a new school year at Monster High™, and the little sister of Clawdeen Wolf™, Howleen, is determined to be more fangtastic than ever. Her dream of popularity turns out to be easier than anyone imagined when she stumbles upon a genie named Gigi Grant™ who grants her not 3, but 13 Wishes! But the ghouls quickly learn to be s-careful what you wish for because each wish comes with a dark side, and soon the student disem-body of Monster High™ is turned upside-down! Join Frankie Stein™, Clawdeen Wolf™, Draculaura™ and the rest of their creeperiffic ghoulfriends as they journey deep inside the magic lantern to save the very soul of Monster High™… while flashing their killer style every step of the way!
Title: Lost in Translation | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Two lost souls visiting Tokyo -- the young, neglected wife of a photographer and a washed-up movie star shooting a TV commercial -- find an odd solace and pensive freedom to be real in each other's company, away from their lives in America.
Title: Prom | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: At “Prom,” every couple has a story and no two are exactly alike. As the big dance approaches for Nova Prescott, it’s a battle of wills as she finds herself drawn to the guy who gets in the way of her perfect prom. Fellow seniors Mei and Tyler harbor secrets, while others face all the insecurity and anticipation that surrounds one of high school’s most seminal events.
Title: Jingle All the Way | Genres: family, comedy, adventure | Overview: Howard Langston, a salesman for a mattress company, is constantly kept busy at his job, disappointing his son. After he misses his son's karate exposition, Howard vows to make it up to him by buying an action figure of his son's favorite television hero for Christmas. Unfortunately for Howard, it is Christmas Eve, and every store is sold out of Turbo Man. Now, Howard must travel all over town and compete with everybody else to find a Turbo Man action figure.
Title: Into the Blue | Genres: action, thriller, adventure, crime | Overview: When they take some friends on an extreme sport adventure, the last thing Jared and Sam expect to see below the shark-infested waters is a legendary pirate ship rumored to contain millions of dollars in gold. But their good fortune is short-lived, as a ruthless gang of criminals gets word of what they have uncovered.
Title: Detective Conan: Zero the Enforcer | Genres: animation, crime, mystery, action, drama | Overview: After a sudden explosion at Edge of Ocean island in Tokyo, Tōru Amuro, codename Zero, begins to investigate. Meanwhile, private eye Kogorō is arrested as a suspect, so Conan Edogawa conducts his own investigation to prove his innocence, but Amuro stands in his way.
Title: A Turtle's Tale 2: Sammy's Escape from Paradise | Genres: adventure, animation | Overview: Sammy and Ray, leatherback turtles and friends forever, are enjoying an atoll's water and sand, shepherding new hatchlings Ricky and Ella out to sea. Suddenly, a poacher swoops in and ships them off to be part of a spectacular aquarium show for tourists in Dubai. The kingpin of the place, Big D the seahorse, enlists them in his plans for a great escape. But with their new friends Jimbo the bug-eyed blob fish and Lulu the snippy lobster, Annabel the sweet Octopus, and a whole family of penguins, Sammy and Ray hatch breakout plans of their own. That is when little Ricky and Ella arrive, determined to break in to rescue them. After a series of thrilling adventures and narrow escapes, our heroes head south to meet up with Shelly, Sammy's first and only love.
Title: Kagemusha | Genres: action, drama, history, war | Overview: Akira Kurosawa's lauded feudal epic presents the tale of a petty thief who is recruited to impersonate Shingen, an aging warlord, in order to avoid attacks by competing clans. When Shingen dies, his generals reluctantly agree to have the impostor take over as the powerful ruler. He soon begins to appreciate life as Shingen, but his commitment to the role is tested when he must lead his troops into battle against the forces of a rival warlord.
Title: Lake Placid: The Final Chapter | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: Black Lake is now a crocodile sanctuary, surrounded by an electric fence. When the fence is left open, a high-school bus unknowingly enters the park. It's up to Reba and the Sheriff to save the kids from becoming crocodile food.
Title: Sacrifice | Genres: horror | Overview: Isaac and his pregnant wife visit a remote Norwegian village to claim an unexpected inheritance. The couple finds themselves caught in a nightmare when they encounter a sinister cult that worships a sea-dwelling deity.
Title: Great White | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A sea plane is destroyed in a freak accident, five people find themselves drifting on a raft. At the mercy of the tide and with no hope of rescue, the helpless situation takes a horrifying turn when they are terrorized by a ravenous great white.
Title: The Blues Brothers | Genres: music, comedy, action, crime | Overview: Jake Blues, just released from prison, puts his old band back togther to save the Catholic home where he and his brother Elwood were raised.
Title: New Order | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: In the near future, a popular uprising in Mexico City interrupts a wedding held at the home of a wealthy family. After the riots have been quashed, they discover the bride has gone missing and plea with the military to help locate her.
Title: King Kong vs. Godzilla | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Japanese-Release Version. Tako, advertising director of Pacific Pharmaceuticals, is frustrated with the low ratings of their sponsored TV program and seeks a more sensationalist approach. He orders his staff off to Faro Island, capturing King Kong to exploit for marketing. As Godzilla re-emerges, a media frenzy generates with Tako looking to capitalize off of the ultimate wrestling match.
Title: A Dangerous Method | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Seduced by the challenge of an impossible case, the driven Dr. Carl Jung takes the unbalanced yet beautiful Sabina Spielrein as his patient. Jung’s weapon is the method of his master, the renowned Sigmund Freud. Both men fall under Sabina’s spell.
Title: In the Blood | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: When her husband goes missing during their Caribbean vacation, a woman sets off on her own to take down the men she thinks are responsible.
Title: Fright Night 2: New Blood | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: By day Gerri Dandridge is a sexy professor, but by night she transforms into a real-life vampire with an unquenchable thirst for human blood. When a group of high school students travel abroad to study in Romania, they find themselves ensnared in her chilling web of lust and terror. Charlie and 'Evil' Ed must stop Gerri from drinking and bathing in the blood of a 'new moon virgin', who just so happens to be Charlie’s ex-girlfriend.
Title: The Body | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: A woman’s body disappears mysteriously from the morgue without a trace. Police inspector Jaime Peña investigates the strange occurrence with the help of Álex Ulloa, the widower of the missing woman.
Title: Men, Women & Children | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Follows the story of a group of high school teenagers and their parents as they attempt to navigate the many ways the internet has changed their relationships, their communication, their self-image, and their love lives.
Title: Under the Silver Lake | Genres: crime, drama, mystery | Overview: Young and disenchanted Sam meets a mysterious and beautiful woman who's swimming in his building's pool one night. When she suddenly vanishes the next morning, Sam embarks on a surreal quest across Los Angeles to decode the secret behind her disappearance, leading him into the murkiest depths of mystery, scandal and conspiracy.
Title: Beowulf & Grendel | Genres: action, adventure, drama, fantasy | Overview: The blood-soaked tale of a Norse warrior's battle against the great and murderous troll, Grendel. Heads will roll. Out of allegiance to the King Hrothgar, the much respected Lord of the Danes, Beowulf leads a troop of warriors across the sea to rid a village of the marauding monster.
Title: The Eight Hundred | Genres: war, history, drama, action | Overview: In 1937, eight hundred Chinese soldiers fight under siege from a warehouse in the middle of the Shanghai battlefield, completely surrounded by the Japanese army.
Title: Private School | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Private-school student Christine loves Jim. But her classmate, Jordan, is also vying for Jim's attention and trying to end his relationship with Christine. Meanwhile, Jim's friend Bubba embarks on a series of sexual escapades, including dressing up as a woman to access the girls' locker room. Despite Jim and Christine's efforts to spend some time alone, various shenanigans and schemes interfere.
Title: The Glass Castle | Genres: drama | Overview: A young girl is raised in a dysfunctional family constantly on the run from the FBI. Living in poverty, she comes of age guided by her drunkard, ingenious father who distracts her with magical stories to keep her mind off the family's dire state, and her selfish, nonconformist mother who has no intention of raising a family, along with her younger brother and sister, and her other older sister. Together, they fend for each other as they mature in an unorthodox journey that is their family life.
Title: Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy | Genres: comedy | Overview: It's the 1970s and San Diego anchorman Ron Burgundy is the top dog in local TV, but that's all about to change when ambitious reporter Veronica Corningstone arrives as a new employee at his station.
Title: Ghost of Goodnight Lane | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: When the staff inside a renovated film studio finds a co-worker dead one morning, the pieces of a forty year puzzle add up to an angry ghost who has let the last person step inside her house. But will they ever get out alive?
Title: Men in Hope | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Charming bon vivant Rudolf is convinced that infidelity is the basis for a happy marriage, since, after all, a woman does not want to be bored with her partner.
Title: Agent Cody Banks 2: Destination London | Genres: comedy, action, adventure, family | Overview: With all-new gadgets, high-flying action, exciting chases and a wisecracking new handler, Derek (Anthony Anderson), Cody has to retrieve the device before the world's leaders fall under the evil control of a diabolical villain.
Title: The Firm | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Mitch McDeere is a young man with a promising future in Law. About to sit his Bar exam, he is approached by 'The Firm' and made an offer he doesn't refuse. Seduced by the money and gifts showered on him, he is totally oblivious to the more sinister side of his company. Then, two Associates are murdered. The FBI contact him, asking him for information and suddenly his life is ruined. He has a choice - work with the FBI, or stay with the Firm. Either way he will lose his life as he knows it. Mitch figures the only way out is to follow his own plan...
Title: Midori | Genres: horror, animation, drama | Overview: After losing her parents, young flower selling Midori is put up by a fairground group. She is abused and forced to slavery, until the arrival of an enigmatic magician of short stature, who gives her hope for a better future.
Title: A Kid in King Arthur's Court | Genres: adventure, fantasy, comedy, science fiction, family | Overview: A Southern California kid named Calvin Fuller is magically transported to the medieval kingdom of Camelot through a crack in the ground caused by an earthquake. Once there, he learns he was summoned by the wizard Merlin, who needs Calvin to save Camelot. Using dazzling modern inventions, can Calvin help King Arthur retain his crown and thwart the evil Lord Belasco?
"Title: Anything Else | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Jerry Falk, an aspiring writer in New York, falls in love at first sight with a free-spirited young woman named Amanda. He has heard the phrase that life is like ""anything else,"" but soon he finds that life with the unpredictable Amanda isn't like anything else at all."
Title: Hard Kill | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: The work of billionaire tech CEO Donovan Chalmers is so valuable that he hires mercenaries to protect it, and a terrorist group kidnaps his daughter just to get it.
Title: Terrified | Genres: horror | Overview: Police commissioner Funes and three researchers of supernatural phenomena investigate inexplicable events that are occurring in the suburbs of Buenos Aires.
Title: The Belko Experiment | Genres: thriller, horror, action | Overview: A group of eighty American workers are locked in their office and ordered by an unknown voice to participate in a twisted game.
Title: The Gruffalo's Child | Genres: adventure, animation, family, fantasy | Overview: A follow up to the 2009 animated feature and adapted from the childrens' book by Julia Donaldson and Alex Scheffler. The Gruffalo's child explores the deep dark wood in search of the big bad mouse and meets the Snake, Owl and Fox in the process. She eventually finds the mouse, who manages to outwit her like the Gruffalo before!
Title: Tom and Jerry: The Magic Ring | Genres: family, animation, fantasy, comedy, action | Overview: Tom is left in charge of a priceless magical ring by his young wizard master. He is then horrified when the ring gets stuck on Jerry's head, who then runs off into the city.
Title: Empire of the Sun | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: Jamie Graham, a privileged English boy, is living in Shanghai when the Japanese invade and force all foreigners into prison camps. Jamie is captured with an American sailor, who looks out for him while they are in the camp together. Even though he is separated from his parents and in a hostile environment, Jamie maintains his dignity and youthful spirits, providing a beacon of hope for the others held captive with him.
Title: Deadfall | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A thriller that follows two siblings who decide to fend for themselves in the wake of a botched casino heist, and their unlikely reunion during another family's Thanksgiving celebration.
Title: Battle in Heaven | Genres: drama | Overview: Set in Mexico City, Carlos Reygadas's sexually explicit drama centers on a man in turmoil over his past actions. Chauffer Marcos feels compelled to reveal a dark secret to his boss's daughter, Ana, a wealthy woman who works as a prostitute just for the thrill of it. Marcos confesses that he and his wife committed a crime that ended in horrible tragedy. Haunted by his past, Marcos searches for redemption.
Title: Bedknobs and Broomsticks | Genres: adventure, fantasy, comedy, family, music | Overview: Three children evacuated from London during World War II are forced to stay with an eccentric spinster (Eglantine Price). The children's initial fears disappear when they find out she is in fact a trainee witch.
Title: ARQ | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: Two old friends living in a dystopic future become trapped in a mysterious time loop — one that may have something to do with an ongoing battle between an omnipotent corporation and a ragtag band of rebels.
Title: The Ambulance | Genres: action, horror, thriller, comedy, romance | Overview: Josh meets a young woman who shortly afterwards collapses and is rushed to hospital in an ambulance. He follows after her only to find that there is no record her being admitted, and he soon learns that her roommate also vanished after being picked up by the same ambulance. Convinced of a conspiracy, Josh proceeds to investigate, despite the discouragement of the police.
Title: Roma | Genres: drama | Overview: In 1970s Mexico City, two domestic workers help a mother of four while her husband is away for an extended period of time.
Title: Easy Sex, Sad Movies | Genres: comedy | Overview: Buenos Aires screenwriter Pablo is hired to write a new romantic comedy. As he begins his story, he visualizes his characters living in Madrid. Pablo creates a meet-cute between Marina and Víctor, a cute couple in Madrid who are soon totally in love. Yet as Pablo gets more and more into the script, he finds it difficult to separate his movie characters from what is happening in his own real life – specifically, his own love life.
Title: Nancy Drew and the Hidden Staircase | Genres: crime, family, comedy, mystery | Overview: Nancy Drew, a smart high schooler with a penchant for keen observation and deduction, stumbles upon the haunting of a local home. A bit of an outsider struggling to fit into her new surroundings, Nancy and her pals set out to solve the mystery, make new friends, and establish their place in the community
Title: Infinite Storm | Genres: drama | Overview: One woman's journey for self-discovery and turns into a harrowing tale of survival.
Title: Juice | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Four Harlem friends -- Bishop, Q, Steel and Raheem -- dabble in petty crime, but they decide to go big by knocking off a convenience store. Bishop, the magnetic leader of the group, has the gun. But Q has different aspirations. He wants to be a DJ and happens to have a gig the night of the robbery. Unfortunately for him, Bishop isn't willing to take no for answer in a game where everything's for keeps.
Title: Piranha II: The Spawning | Genres: horror | Overview: A scuba diving instructor, her biochemist boyfriend, and her police chief ex-husband try to link a series of bizarre deaths to a mutant strain of piranha fish whose lair is a sunken freighter ship off a Caribbean island resort.
Title: Wild Things 2 | Genres: crime, drama, mystery | Overview: Two Florida high school vixens hatch a murderous plan to win an inheritance, but they hadn't bargained for an escalating whirlpool of blackmail and sexual games with a sleazy insurance investigator who has his own plans for the money.
"Title: Vampires: Los Muertos | Genres: horror, thriller, action | Overview: Tough-as-nails vampire hunter Derek Bliss is on the hunt for ""suckers"" in the heart of Mexico when he receives a new assignment from a mysterious client. Thrown together with a group of slayers, including sexy Zooey, who may or may not be one of the undead. Derek and company are up against a growing number of fast-moving, bloodthirsty vampires and their elusive and powerful leader."
Title: The Informers | Genres: drama | Overview: A collection of intersecting short stories set in early 1980s Los Angeles, depicts a week in the lives of an assortment of socially alienated, mainly well-off characters who numb their sense of emptiness with casual sex, violence, and drugs.
Title: Striptease | Genres: comedy, crime, drama | Overview: Bounced from her job, Erin Grant needs money if she's to have any chance of winning back custody of her child. But, eventually, she must confront the naked truth: to take on the system, she'll have to take it all off. Erin strips to conquer, but she faces unintended circumstances when a hound dog of a Congressman zeroes in on her and sharpens the shady tools at his fingertips, including blackmail and murder.
Title: Cats | Genres: fantasy, comedy, drama | Overview: A tribe of cats called the Jellicles must decide yearly which one will ascend to the Heaviside Layer and come back to a new Jellicle life.
Title: Alone in the Dark | Genres: action, fantasy, horror | Overview: Edward Carnby is a private investigator specializing in unexplainable supernatural phenomena. His cases delve into the dark corners of the world, searching for truth in the occult remnants of ancient civilizations. Now, the greatest mystery of his past is about to become the most dangerous case he has ever faced.
Title: Are You Here | Genres: comedy | Overview: When Steve Dallas, a womanizing local weatherman, hears that his off-the-grid best friend Ben Baker has lost his estranged father, the two return to Ben's childhood home. Once there, they discover Ben has inherited the family fortune, and the ill-equipped duo must battle Ben's formidable sister and deal with his father's gorgeous 25-year old widow.
Title: The Frozen Ground | Genres: thriller, crime | Overview: An Alaska State Trooper partners with a young woman who escaped the clutches of serial killer Robert Hansen to bring the murderer to justice. Based on actual events.
Title: Grappler Baki | Genres: animation, action | Overview: Baki, a new grappler on the no-holds barred fighting scene, is flying up the ranks. All that is left in his wake are the dead and the defeated. However, no one can tell whether he can keep this up against the previous champion, a fierce fighter who severs his opponents very nerves to win.
Title: The Hole | Genres: crime, drama, horror, thriller | Overview: Four teenagers at a British private school secretly uncover and explore the depths of a sealed underground hole created decades ago as a possible bomb shelter.
Title: Dragon Tiger Gate | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Dragon Tiger Gate is a 2006 Hong Kong martial arts-action film directed by Wilson Yip and featuring fight choreography by Donnie Yen, who also stars in the film. The film is based on the popular Hong Kong manhua, Oriental Heroes, which bears the same Chinese name as the movie.
Title: Thick as Thieves | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: A master thief recruits a notorious thief to help him steal two famous Faberge eggs from an impenetrable vault in an effort to pull off one final job and repay his debt to the Russian mob.
"Title: Thank You for Smoking | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Nick Naylor is a charismatic spin-doctor for Big Tobacco who'll fight to protect America's right to smoke -- even if it kills him -- while still remaining a role model for his 12-year old son. When he incurs the wrath of a senator bent on snuffing out cigarettes, Nick's powers of ""filtering the truth"" will be put to the test."
Title: Freaks | Genres: drama, horror | Overview: A circus' beautiful trapeze artist agrees to marry the leader of side-show performers, but his deformed friends discover she is only marrying him for his inheritance.
Title: Daughters of Eve | Genres: horror, drama, crime | Overview: In the remote countryside of Ilongo, various women are sexually abused by local men. Two sisters meet Simon, the most attractive man in the village, and fight over him - one constantly haunted by Catholic dogma because of the abuse she suffered previously.
Title: The Joy Luck Club | Genres: drama | Overview: Through a series of flashbacks, four Chinese women born in America and their respective mothers born in feudal China explore their pasts.
Title: The Good Liar | Genres: crime | Overview: Career con man Roy sets his sights on his latest mark: recently widowed Betty, worth millions. And he means to take it all. But as the two draw closer, what should have been another simple swindle takes on the ultimate stakes.
Title: Walk the Line | Genres: drama, music, romance | Overview: A chronicle of country music legend Johnny Cash's life, from his early days on an Arkansas cotton farm to his rise to fame with Sun Records in Memphis, where he recorded alongside Elvis Presley, Jerry Lee Lewis and Carl Perkins.
Title: Let It Snow | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: When a huge blizzard (that doesn't show signs of stopping) hits, Gracetown is completely snowed in. But even though it's cold outside, things are heating up inside, proving that Christmas is magical when it comes to love.
Title: Fort Apache | Genres: western | Overview: In John Ford's sombre exploration of the mythology of American heroes, he slowly reveals the character of Owen Thursday, who sees his new posting to the desolate Fort Apache as a chance to claim the military honour which he believes is rightfully his. Arrogant, obsessed with military form and ultimately self-destructive, Thursday attempts to destroy the Apache chief Cochise after luring him across the border from Mexico, against the advice of his subordinates.
Title: What to Expect When You're Expecting | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: Challenges of impending parenthood turn the lives of five couples upside down. Two celebrities are unprepared for the surprise demands of pregnancy; hormones wreak havoc on a baby-crazy author, while her husband tries not to be outdone by his father, who's expecting twins with his young trophy wife; a photographer's husband isn't sure about his wife's adoption plans; a one-time hook-up results in a surprise pregnancy for rival food-truck owners.
Title: The Aftermath | Genres: war, drama, romance | Overview: In the aftermath of World War II, a British colonel and his wife are assigned to live in Hamburg during the post-war reconstruction, but tensions arise with the German widower who lives with them.
Title: The Extraordinary Journey of the Fakir | Genres: comedy, adventure, drama | Overview: The story of Ajatashatru Oghash Rathod, a fakir who tricks his local village in Rajasthan, India into believing his possesses special powers and into paying him to fly to Paris to buy a bed of nails from an Ikea store.
Title: mid90s | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Stevie is a sweet 13-year-old about to explode. His mom is loving and attentive, but a little too forthcoming about her romantic life. His big brother is a taciturn and violent bully. So Stevie searches his working-class Los Angeles suburb for somewhere to belong. He finds it at the Motor Avenue skate shop.
"Title: Weird Science | Genres: comedy, romance, science fiction | Overview: Two unpopular teenagers, Gary and Wyatt, fail at all attempts to be accepted by their peers. Their desperation to be liked leads them to ""create"" a woman via their computer. Their living and breathing creation is a gorgeous woman, Lisa, whose purpose is to boost their confidence level by putting them into situations which require Gary and Wyatt to act like men."
Title: Poseidon | Genres: adventure, action, drama, thriller | Overview: A packed cruise ship traveling the Atlantic is hit and overturned by a massive wave, compelling the passengers to begin a dramatic fight for their lives.
Title: Asterix and the Big Fight | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: Gaullish custom requires that a would-be chief must challenge and defeat another to become the leader of two tribes. Vitalstatistix is not perturbed because of Getafix's magic potion. Getafix, however has an accident and forgets how to make it. Then Vitalstatistix is suddenly challenged.
Title: Samba | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Samba migrated to France 10 years ago from Senegal, and has since been plugging away at various lowly jobs. Alice is a senior executive who has recently undergone a burnout. Both struggle to get out of their dead-end lives. Samba's willing to do whatever it takes to get working papers, while Alice tries to get her life back on track until fate draws them together.
Title: The Call Up | Genres: adventure, action, science fiction | Overview: When a group of elite online gamers each receive a mysterious invitation to trial a state-of-the-art virtual reality video game, it’s a dream come true and impossible to resist. Arriving at the test site, the group step into hi-tech gear and prepare for a revolutionary, next-level gaming experience that brings modern warfare to life with frightening realism. At first it’s a unique and exhilarating experience. But what starts out like a dream encounter with cutting edge technology quickly takes a turn for the sinister. Once the group are attacked by enemy combatants, they soon realize this is no game after all. Make a mistake here and you pay with your life. Now these masters of the shoot ‘em up will have to fight for survival within a game gone bad, but this time it’s for real.
Title: Sex and Death 101 | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: A guy's life is turned around by an email, which includes the names of everyone he's had sex with and ever will have sex with. His situation gets worse when he encounters a femme fatale (Ryder) who targets men guilty of sex crime.
Title: Asterix the Gaul | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: In the year 50 BC, Gaul is occupied by the Romans - nearly. But the small village of Asterix and his friends still resists the Roman legions with the aid of their druid's magic potion, which gives superhuman strength. Learning of this potion, a Roman centurion kidnaps the druid to get the secret formula out of him.
Title: Vantage Point | Genres: drama, action, thriller, crime | Overview: The attempted assassination of the American president is told and re-told from several different perspectives.
Title: Sabrina | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Maira lives happily with Aiden, a doll maker and toy company owner. But Vanya, their adopted daughter and Aiden's niece, is still dealing with the loss of her birth mother. After Vanya plays Charlie's Pencil to summon her late mother, strange things begin to happen.
Title: Barry Lyndon | Genres: drama, romance, war | Overview: An Irish rogue uses his cunning and wit to work his way up the social classes of 18th century England, transforming himself from the humble Redmond Barry into the noble Barry Lyndon.
"Title: 2001 Maniacs: Field of Screams | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: When this year's round of unsuspecting Northerners fail to show up for their annual Guts N' Glory Jamboree, the residents of Pleasant Valley take their cannibalistic carnival on the road and head to Iowa where they encounter spoiled heiresses Rome &amp; Tina Sheraton and the cast and crew of their ""Road Rascals"" reality show. Performing ""The Bloodiest Show on Earth"", our Southern Maniacs prove more than ratings killers in what John Landis has called ""one of the rare sequels that surpasses the original""."
Title: Erotic Seductions | Genres: drama | Overview: Playgirl Carrie and her college teacher Jack debate the worth and depth of sexual and romantic relationships while enthusiastically field-testing their theories.
Title: The Lifeguard | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: A former valedictorian quits her reporter job in New York and returns to the place she last felt happy: her childhood home in Connecticut. She gets work as a lifeguard and starts a dangerous relationship with a troubled teenager.
Title: RockNRolla | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: When a Russian mobster sets up a real estate scam that generates millions of pounds, various members of London's criminal underworld pursue their share of the fortune. Various shady characters, including Mr One-Two, Stella the accountant, and Johnny Quid, a druggie rock-star, try to claim their slice.
Title: Assassins | Genres: action, adventure, crime, thriller | Overview: Assassin Robert Rath arrives at a funeral to kill a prominent mobster, only to witness a rival hired gun complete the job for him -- with grisly results. Horrified by the murder of innocent bystanders, Rath decides to take one last job and then return to civilian life. But finding his way out of the world of contract killing grows ever more dangerous as Rath falls for his female target and becomes a marked man himself.
Title: The Return of the King | Genres: animation, fantasy, adventure | Overview: Two Hobbits struggle to destroy the Ring in Mount Doom while their friends desperately fight evil Lord Sauron's forces in a final battle.
Title: The Piano Teacher | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Erika Kohut, a sexually repressed piano teacher living with her domineering mother, meets a young man who starts romantically pursuing her.
Title: Crooked House | Genres: drama, mystery, crime | Overview: A private investigator helps a former flame solve the murder of her wealthy grandfather, who lived in a sprawling estate surrounded by his idiosyncratic family.
Title: Winter's Tale | Genres: drama, fantasy, mystery, romance | Overview: A burglar falls for an heiress as she dies in his arms. When he learns that he has the gift of reincarnation, he sets out to save her.
Title: Reprisal | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: Jacob, a bank manager haunted by a violent heist that took the life of a coworker, teams up with his ex-cop neighbor, James, to bring down the assailant. While the two men work together to figure out the thief’s next move, Gabriel, the highly-trained criminal, is one step ahead. When Gabriel kidnaps Jacob’s wife and daughter, Jacob barrels down a path of bloodshed that initiates an explosive counterattack and brings all three men to the breaking point.
Title: 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea | Genres: adventure, drama, family, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: A ship sent to investigate a wave of mysterious sinkings encounters the advanced submarine, the Nautilus, commanded by Captain Nemo.
Title: Dracula II: Ascension | Genres: horror | Overview: Father Uffizi hunts vampires. He travels the world to behead them with his bullwhip, but his ultimate goal is to find the first vampire, Dracula. Medical students, Liz Blaine and Luke are charged with autopsying the body. When they open the abdominal cavity, they find that the liver and other organs are white, suggesting to Luke that the person did not produce his own blood but got it elsewhere, i.e., a vampire.
Title: Double Dad | Genres: comedy, drama, family | Overview: While her mom is away, a teen sneaks out of the hippie commune where she lives and embarks on a life-changing adventure to discover who her father is.
Title: Stargate: Continuum | Genres: adventure, science fiction, tv movie | Overview: Ba'al travels back in time and prevents the Stargate program from being started. SG-1 must somehow restore history.
Title: The God Committee | Genres: thriller | Overview: Medicine, money and morality clash when a hospital's Heart Transplant Selection Committee has only minutes to decide which of three patients on the transplant list will receive a heart that has suddenly become available.
Title: Django | Genres: action, western | Overview: A coffin-dragging gunslinger and a half-breed prostitute become embroiled in a bitter feud between a merciless masked clan and a band of Mexican revolutionaries.
Title: What a Girl Wants | Genres: comedy, romance, drama, family | Overview: An American girl, Daphne, heads to Europe in search of the father she's never met. But instead of finding a British version of her bohemian mother, she learns the love of her mom's life is an uptight politician. The only problem now is that her long-lost dad is engaged to a fiercely territorial social climber with a daughter who makes Daphne's life miserable.
Title: The Current Occupant | Genres: thriller, mystery, horror | Overview: Trapped in a mysterious psychiatric ward, a man with no memory comes to believe that he’s the President of the United States and the subject of a diabolical political conspiracy. As the asylum’s soul-crushing forces bear down on him, he fights to preserve his sanity and escape so that he can return to power.
Title: Naked Ambition 3D | Genres: comedy | Overview: An honors graduate in literature, Wyman is stuck writing cheap erotic fiction, but somehow ends up starring in an AV film. Suddenly a porn superstar in Japan, he discovers a whole new world fraught with pleasure, pain and more twists and turns than he or the audience expects.
Title: The Omen | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Immediately after their miscarriage, the US diplomat Robert Thorn adopts the newborn Damien without the knowledge of his wife. Yet what he doesn’t know is that their new son is the son of the devil.
Title: Sharknado 3: Oh Hell No! | Genres: action, tv movie, science fiction, comedy, adventure | Overview: The sharks take bite out of the East Coast when the sharknado hits Washington, D.C. and Orlando, Florida.
Title: Monolith | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A mother and her son plan a surprise visit to Los Angeles to see her husband/his father. Halfway there they get into a terrible accident in the middle of nowhere and now must fight to survive.
Title: No Filter | Genres: comedy | Overview: When a woman visits a Chinese doctor, she discovers her pain is due to pent-up rage, and the only cure is to fully express herself, whatever may come.
Title: Astérix at the Olympic Games | Genres: fantasy, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Astérix and Obélix have to win the Olympic Games in order to help their friend Alafolix marry Princess Irina. Brutus uses every trick in the book to have his own team win the game, and get rid of his father Julius Caesar in the process.
Title: Soylent Green | Genres: crime, mystery, science fiction, thriller | Overview: In an overpopulated futuristic Earth, a New York police detective finds himself marked for murder by government agents when he gets too close to a bizarre state secret involving the origins of a revolutionary and needed new foodstuff.
Title: Phineas and Ferb: Mission Marvel | Genres: family, comedy, animation, adventure, science fiction, tv movie | Overview: Phineas and Ferb team up with the Avengers to save the world from Dr. Doofenshmirtz and a group of dangerous supervillains.
Title: Jane Eyre | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: After a bleak childhood, Jane Eyre goes out into the world to become a governess. As she lives happily in her new position at Thornfield Hall, she meet the dark, cold, and abrupt master of the house, Mr. Rochester. Jane and her employer grow close in friendship and she soon finds herself falling in love with him. Happiness seems to have found Jane at last, but could Mr. Rochester's terrible secret be about to destroy it forever?
Title: A Brighter Summer Day | Genres: crime, drama, romance | Overview: A boy experiences first love, friendships and injustices growing up in 1960s Taiwan.
Title: Killers Anonymous | Genres: action, thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: A failed attempt to murder a Senator is connected to a group meeting secretly to discuss their darkest urges—to take lives.
Title: I.T. | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Mike Regan is a successful, self-made man who has it all: a gorgeous wife, a beautiful teenage daughter and a sleek, state-of-the-art “smart home”. But he soon finds himself in a deadly, high-stakes game of cat-and-mouse when his I.T. consultant, Ed, starts using his skills to stalk Mike’s daughter and endanger his family, his business, and his life. In a world where there is no privacy, and personal secrets can go viral by the click of a mouse, Mike needs to rely on his old connections to defeat a new kind of nemesis.
Title: Angelique | Genres: adventure, romance, history | Overview: In 17th-century France, beautiful country maiden Angélique marries wealthy neighbor Jeoffray de Peyrac out of convenience, but eventually, she falls in love with him. So when Jeoffray is arrested and then vanishes, she bravely sets out to find him. This is the first of many dramas based on Anne and Serge Golon's novels about strong-willed Angélique and her adventures during the reign of Louis XIV, the Sun King.
"Title: Blood of Redemption | Genres: drama, action, thriller, crime | Overview: Quinn Forte had it all: power, money, a brother who idolized him, and a woman who loved him. He also had enemies. In the course of one night, he loses everything. Betrayed by someone in his inner circle, Quinn is set up and arrested. His father, the patriarch of the criminal empire is killed and his brother suspects that Quinn is behind it all. When he's released from jail he tries to escape the demons from his past, but that becomes an impossible task. Campbell, the ruthless new leader of ""The Company"" won't let him leave in peace. So instead of escaping them, Quinn fights back. He joins forces with his former henchman and friend, The Swede, and takes on his enemies head on."
Title: A Stork's Journey | Genres: family, fantasy, adventure, animation, comedy | Overview: Orphaned at birth and raised by storks, the teenage sparrow Richard believes he is one of them. But when the time comes to migrate to Africa, his stork family is forced to reveal his true identity and leave him behind in the forest, since he is not a migratory bird and would not survive the journey. Determined to prove he is a stork after all, Richard ventures south on his own. But only with the help of Olga, an eccentric owl with an imaginary friend and Kiki, a narcissistic, disco-singing parakeet, does he stand a chance to reach his goal and learn to accept who he really is.
Title: The Queen | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The Queen is an intimate behind the scenes glimpse at the interaction between HM Elizabeth II and Prime Minister Tony Blair during their struggle, following the death of Diana, to reach a compromise between what was a private tragedy for the Royal family and the public's demand for an overt display of mourning.
Title: Death Wish | Genres: action | Overview: After his wife is murdered by street punks, a pacifistic New York City architect becomes a one-man vigilante squad, prowling the streets for would-be muggers after dark.
Title: Blindsided: The Game | Genres: comedy, action, drama | Overview: After blind man Walter Cooke (Eric Jacobus) prevents a local gang from shaking down his local grocer Gordon (Roger Yuan), Walter must reckon with the gang's boss Sal (Joe Bucaro). The stakes are high, but Walter's got an ace up his sleeve.
Title: The Con Is On | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: In an effort to avoid paying off a massive gambling debt to a notorious mobster in England, a couple flees to Los Angeles and hatch a jewel theft plot.
Title: Cocktail | Genres: romance, drama, comedy | Overview: After being discharged from the Army, Brian Flanagan moves back to Queens and takes a job in a bar run by Doug Coughlin, who teaches Brian the fine art of bar-tending. Brian quickly becomes a patron favorite with his flashy drink-mixing style, and Brian adopts his mentor's cynical philosophy on life and goes for the money.
Title: Mongol: The Rise of Genghis Khan | Genres: history, adventure, war, action | Overview: The story recounts the early life of Genghis Khan, a slave who went on to conquer half the world in the 11th century.
Title: That Obscure Object of Desire | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: After dumping a bucket of water on a beautiful young woman from the window of a train car, wealthy Frenchman Mathieu, regales his fellow passengers with the story of the dysfunctional relationship between himself and the young woman in question, a fiery 19-year-old flamenco dancer named Conchita. What follows is a tale of cruelty, depravity and lies -- the very building blocks of love.
Title: Aurora Teagarden Mysteries: Haunted By Murder | Genres: tv movie, mystery | Overview: A murder investigation is reignited in a house that is considered haunted by the Lawrenceton locals and where years ago Aurora and Sally, as teenagers, discovered a body.
Title: Ray | Genres: drama, music | Overview: Born on a sharecropping plantation in Northern Florida, Ray Charles went blind at seven. Inspired by a fiercely independent mom who insisted he make his own way, He found his calling and his gift behind a piano keyboard. Touring across the Southern musical circuit, the soulful singer gained a reputation and then exploded with worldwide fame when he pioneered coupling gospel and country together.
Title: Scooby-Doo! Moon Monster Madness | Genres: adventure, animation, family, comedy, mystery, science fiction | Overview: It's one giant step for dog-kind as Scooby-Doo and the Gang blast off for an epic, other-worldly adventure in this all-new original movie! After winning the last 5 seats in a lottery, Scooby-Doo, Shaggy, Fred, Daphne and Velma are off to space in billionaire Sly Baron's brand new ship, the Sly Star One. It's all gravity-free fun until a mysterious alien begins destroying the ship! As the ship breaks down, the crew is forced to land on Sly Baron's base... on the dark side of the moon! Will the gang unravel this alien mystery? Will Scooby-Doo and Shaggy find snacks on the moon? Will Fred ever take his space helmet off?! Journey to the outer limits with Scooby-Doo to find out!
Title: House of the Dead 2 | Genres: tv movie, horror | Overview: In Guesta Verde University, the deranged Professor Curien is trying to bring back the dead, killing students for the experiment. There is an outbreak of zombies in the campus, and the government sends a NSA medical research team, formed by Dr. Alexandra Morgan a.k.a. Nightingale and lieutenant Ellis, with a special force leaded by lieutenant Dalton, trying to get the zero sample from the first generation zombie. The team has a very short time to accomplish their mission and leave the place before missiles are sent to destroy the area. However, the place is crowded of hyper sapiens and the group has to fight to survive.
Title: Detective Conan: The Crimson Love Letter | Genres: action, adventure, animation, crime, family, mystery | Overview: Bombing case at Nichiuri TV in autumn. The Satsuki Cup, which crowns the winner of Japan's Hyakunin Isshu, is currently being filmed inside the facility. The incident results in a big commotion and, while the building is burning to ashes, the only people left inside are Hattori and Toyama Kazuha. They get rescued just in time by Conan , who rushes to the scene. Both the identity and purposes of the bomber are unknown.
Title: A Hard Day | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: After trying to cover up a car accident that left a man dead, a crooked homicide detective is stalked by a mysterious man claiming to have witnessed the event.
"Title: Nightmare Alley | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Stanton Carlisle joins a seedy carnival, working with ""Mademoiselle Zeena"" and her alcoholic husband, Pete."
Title: Sofia the First: Once Upon a Princess | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Set in the storybook world of Enchancia, the music-filled movie follows Sofia, an average girl whose life suddenly changes when her mother marries the king and she is whisked off to live in a castle with her mom, new step-father, King Roland II, and step-siblings, Amber and James. Along the way this ordinary girl learns to navigate the extraordinary life of royalty, and in the process makes everyone around her feel special.
Title: The Man Who Knew Too Much | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: A widescreen, Technicolor remake by Hitchcock of his 1934 film of the same title. A couple vacationing in Morocco with their young son accidentally stumble upon an assassination plot. When the child is kidnapped to ensure their silence, they have to take matters into their own hands to save him.
Title: Monster High: Fright On! | Genres: family, animation, fantasy | Overview: See what happens when the student bodies of an all-vampire school and an all-werewolf school integrate with Monster High.
Title: A Real Young Girl | Genres: drama | Overview: Bored and restless, Alice spends much of her time lusting after Jim, a local sawmill worker. When not lusting after him, Alice fills the hours with such pursuits as writing her name on a mirror with vaginal secretions and wandering the fields with her underwear around her ankles. And, in true teenaged tradition, she spends a lot of time writing in her diary.
Title: Batman Unlimited: Monster Mayhem | Genres: action, animation, family | Overview: The Joker is aided in his Halloween quest to render modern technology useless and take over Gotham City by Solomon Grundy, Silver Banshee, Clayface and Scarecrow.
Title: Ulysses | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: A movie adaptation of Homer's second epic, that talks about Ulysses' efforts to return to his home after the end of ten years of war.
Title: Official Secrets | Genres: thriller, history, drama | Overview: The true story of British intelligence whistleblower Katharine Gun who—prior to the 2003 Iraq invasion—leaked a top-secret NSA memo exposing a joint US-UK illegal spying operation against members of the UN Security Council. The memo proposed blackmailing member states into voting for war.
Title: Mac and Me | Genres: family, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: A Mysterious Alien Creature (MAC) escaping from nefarious NASA agents, is befriended by a young boy in a wheelchair. Together, they try to find MAC's family from whom he has been separated.
Title: Mandy | Genres: horror, action, thriller, fantasy | Overview: The Shadow Mountains, 1983. Red and Mandy lead a loving and peaceful existence; but when their pine-scented haven is savagely destroyed, Red is catapulted into a phantasmagoric journey filled with bloody vengeance and laced with fire.
Title: China Salesman | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: Yan Jian, a young Chinese IT engineer who volunteers to go to North Africa and help the company he works for to win a competition. The winner can own the right to control the communication between south and north. French spy Michael works for the West. His boss ordered him to go to the North Africa and win the competition, and they can control the great mineral resources of Africa. He hired the best mercenary in Africa whose name is Lauder and a former general Kabbah to help him. Yan has discovered their conspiracy, he is the only one who can stop them.
Title: Powder Blue | Genres: drama | Overview: On the gritty streets of LA, the destinies of four people desperate for connection and redemption are about to collide.
Title: Can't Hardly Wait | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: It's graduation day at Huntington Hills High, and you know what that means - time to party. And not just any party, either. This one will be a night to remember, as the nerds become studs, the jocks are humiliated, and freshman crushes blossom into grown-up romance.
Title: Heavy Metal | Genres: animation, science fiction, adventure, fantasy, music | Overview: The embodiment of ultimate evil, a glowing orb terrorizes a young girl with bizarre stories of dark fantasy, eroticism and horror.
Title: Being There | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A simple-minded gardener named Chance has spent all his life in the Washington D.C. house of an old man. When the man dies, Chance is put out on the street with no knowledge of the world except what he has learned from television.
Title: Fun and Fancy Free | Genres: animation, family, music | Overview: Jiminy Cricket hosts two Disney animated shorts: “Bongo,” about a circus bear escaping to the wild, and “Mickey and the Beanstalk,” a take on the famous fairy tale.
Title: Scrooged | Genres: fantasy, comedy, drama | Overview: Frank Cross is a wildly successful television executive whose cold ambition and curmudgeonly nature has driven away the love of his life. But after firing staff member Eliot Loudermilk on Christmas Eve, Frank is visited by a series of ghosts who give him a chance to re-evaluate his actions and right the wrongs of his past.
Title: 27 Dresses | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Altruistic Jane finds herself facing her worst nightmare as her younger sister announces her engagement to the man Jane secretly adores.
Title: To Catch a Thief | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, romance, thriller | Overview: An ex-thief is accused of enacting a new crime spree, so to clear his name he sets off to catch the new thief, who’s imitating his signature style.
Title: Escaflowne: The Movie | Genres: animation, adventure, drama, fantasy | Overview: Gaea is a mythical realm ruled by sword and sorcery and immersed in blood and violence. Thrust into a conflict she doesn't quite understand, Hitomi Kanzaki helps aid the young Prince Van as they embark upon a journey to fight the Black Dragon Clan. The battle over a legendary suit of dragon armor, Escaflowne, has begun.
Title: The Mustang | Genres: drama | Overview: While participating in a rehabilitation program training wild mustangs, a convict at first struggles to connect with the horses and his fellow inmates, but he learns to confront his violent past as he soothes an especially feisty horse.
Title: City of Angels | Genres: romance, drama, fantasy | Overview: When guardian angel Seth - who invisibly watches over the citizens of Los Angeles - becomes captivated by Maggie, a strong-willed heart surgeon, he ponders trading in his pure, otherworldly existence for a mortal life with his beloved. The couple embarks on a tender but forbidden romance spanning heaven and Earth.
Title: Tales from the Crypt | Genres: horror | Overview: Five people find themselves in a tomb. The Crypt keeper explains why they are there through a series of frightening stories. Based on the classic comic book.
Title: McLintock! | Genres: western, comedy | Overview: Ageing, wealthy, rancher and self-made man, George Washington McLintock is forced to deal with numerous personal and professional problems. Seemingly everyone wants a piece of his enormous farmstead, including high-ranking government men, McLintock's own sons and nearby Native Americans. As McLintock tries to juggle his various adversaries, his wife—who left him two years previously—suddenly returns. But she isn't interested in George; she wants custody of their daughter.
Title: Crocodile Dundee II | Genres: adventure, comedy | Overview: Australian outback expert protects his New York love from gangsters who've followed her down under.
Title: Canon (Fidelidad al límite) | Genres: drama | Overview: Mariana and Julian are a couple that have been happily married for many years. They have two kids: Juan Maria and Bibiana. They are in love and are very successful in their professional lives. They have a wonderful sex life and in the foreplay that they enjoy in privacy, he tells her that she can have sex with other man if she tells him everything in detail.
Title: The X Files: I Want to Believe | Genres: drama, mystery, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Six years after the events of The X-Files series finale, former FBI agent Doctor Dana Scully is now a staff physician at Our Lady of Sorrows, a Catholic hospital, and treating a boy named Christian who has Sandhoff disease, a terminal brain condition. FBI agent Drummy arrives to ask Scully’s help in locating Fox Mulder, the fugitive former head of the X-Files division, and says they will call off its manhunt for him if he will help investigate the disappearances of several women, including young FBI agent Monica Banan. Mulder and Scully are called back to duty by the FBI when a former priest claims to be receiving psychic visions pertaining to a kidnapped agent.
Title: 88 Minutes | Genres: crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: A college professor who moonlights as a forensic psychiatrist for the FBI, receives a death threat claiming he has only 88 minutes to live.
Title: The Adventurer: The Curse of the Midas Box | Genres: fantasy, adventure, family | Overview: Seventeen-year-old Mariah Mundi's life is turned upside down when his parents vanish and his younger brother is kidnapped. Following a trail of clues to the darkly majestic Prince Regent Hotel, Mariah discovers a hidden realm of child-stealing monsters, deadly secrets and a long-lost artefact that grants limitless wealth—but also devastating supernatural power. With the fate of his world, and his family at stake, Mariah will risk everything to unravel the Curse of the Midas Box.
Title: Prey | Genres: adventure, horror, thriller | Overview: An American family on holiday in Africa becomes lost in a game reserve and stalked by vicious killer lions.
Title: One Wild Moment | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Antoine and Laurent, old friends, spend their vacation in Corsica with their respective daughters: seventeen-year-old Louna and eighteen-year-old Marie. One evening at the beach, Louna seduces Laurent. Louna is in love, but for Laurent it was nothing more than a momentary distraction. Without revealing her lover's name, Louna confides in her father, who tries by any means to discover who his daughter's lover is. How long will the secret be able to be kept hidden?
Title: The Last Song | Genres: drama, family, romance | Overview: A drama centered on a rebellious girl who is sent to a Southern beach town for the summer to stay with her father. Through their mutual love of music, the estranged duo learn to reconnect.
Title: Hotel Rwanda | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: Inspired by true events, this film takes place in Rwanda in the 1990s when more than a million Tutsis were killed in a genocide that went mostly unnoticed by the rest of the world. Hotel owner Paul Rusesabagina houses over a thousand refuges in his hotel in attempt to save their lives.
Title: Dracula III: Legacy | Genres: horror | Overview: In the near future, Uffizi and Luke travel to the remote reaches of war torn Romania to rescue Elizabeth and finish the vampire once and for all. Along the way, they encounter TV news journalist and a corps of rebels trying to fight the vampire uprising which plagues their country.
Title: My Father's Other Family | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: Shelby is devastated after her father's death. Curious about her family connections, she decides to look up the DNA-based family tree, and is surprised to find out that her father had another daughter. She goes on a mission to find her sibling and meets Rose, her half-sister. But as the initial euphoria dies down and the question of who gets her father's inheritance crops up, things begin to change.
Title: Devil's Due | Genres: horror | Overview: An unexpected pregnancy takes a terrifying turn for newlyweds Zach and Samantha McCall.
Title: Bird on a Wire | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, romance | Overview: An FBI informant has kept his new identity secret for 15 years. Now an old flame has recognised him, and the bad guys are back for revenge.
Title: The Haunted Mansion | Genres: thriller, fantasy, comedy, family, mystery | Overview: Workaholic Jim Evers and his wife/business partner Sara get a call one night from a mansion owner, Edward Gracey, who wants to sell his house. Once the Evers family arrive at the mansion, a torrential thunderstorm of mysterious origin strands them with the brooding, eccentric Gracey, his mysterious butler, and a variety of residents both seen and unseen.
Title: Family Guy Presents: Stewie Griffin: The Untold Story | Genres: action, adventure, animation, comedy | Overview: The major sub-plot circles around the youngest Griffin, Stewie, who has a near-death experience at a pool when a lifeguard chair falls on him, but he survives. After having a vision of being in Hell, he decides to change his ways, but this doesn't last long. While watching television, he and Brian spot a man that looks like Stewie. Brian is convinced that he is Stewie's real father, until Stewie learns that the man is actually himself as an adult, taking a vacation from his own time period. Baby Stewie visits thirty years later to discover that his adult self, going by the name Stu, is a single blue-collar middle-aged virgin working at a Circuit City-type store. Meanwhile, Peter and Lois are trying to teach their two older kids, Meg and Chris, to date. In the future, Chris, who hasn't changed much, is working as a cop and is married to a foul-mouthed hustler named Vanessa. Meg is now called Ron, since she had a sex-change after college. Written by pepperann210
Title: Animals United | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: A group of animals waiting for the annual flood they rely on for food and water discover that the humans, who have been destroying their habitats have built a dam for a leisure resort. The animals endeavour to save the delta and send a message to the humans not to interfere with nature.
Title: Cube 2: Hypercube | Genres: thriller, science fiction, mystery | Overview: The sequel to the low budget first film Cube. This time the prisoners find them selves in a more advanced cube environment that they must escape from before they are killed. A science fiction film where space and time have more than one path.
Title: Mighty Joe Young | Genres: adventure, family, action, fantasy | Overview: As a child living in Africa, Jill Young saw her mother killed while protecting wild gorillas from poachers led by Andrei Strasser. Now an adult, Jill cares for an orphaned gorilla named Joe -- who, due to a genetic anomaly, is 15 feet tall. When Gregg O'Hara arrives from California and sees the animal, he convinces Jill that Joe would be safest at his wildlife refuge. But Strasser follows them to the U.S., intent on capturing Joe for himself.
Title: Imitation of Life | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Lora Meredith, a white widow who dreams of being on Broadway, has a chance encounter with Annie Johnson, a black single mother. Annie becomes the caretaker of Lora's daughter, Susie, while Lora pursues her stage career. Both women deal with the difficulties of motherhood: Lora's thirst for fame threatens her relationship with Susie, while Annie's light-skinned daughter, Sarah Jane, struggles with her African-American identity.
Title: Cage Dive | Genres: horror, drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: Three friends from California are filming an audition tape for an extreme reality game show. They document their journey to Australia where they will be doing their most dangerous activity.... Shark Cage Diving. A catastrophic turn of events leaves them in baited water full of Great White Sharks, turning their recording into a blood chilling diary of survival... and death.
Title: Thriller: A Cruel Picture | Genres: action, thriller, crime, drama | Overview: A young woman, muted after a sexual assault as a child, is trained to seek violent revenge on those who have wronged her after being kidnapped and forced to work as a prostitute.
Title: The Big Blue | Genres: adventure, drama, romance | Overview: Two men answer the call of the ocean in this romantic fantasy-adventure. Jacques and Enzo are a pair of friends who have been close since childhood, and who share a passion for the dangerous sport of free diving. Professional diver Jacques opted to follow in the footsteps of his father, who died at sea when Jacques was a boy; to the bewilderment of scientists, Jacques harbors a remarkable ability to adjust his heart rate and breathing pattern in the water, so that his vital signs more closely resemble that of dolphins than men. As Enzo persuades a reluctant Jacques to compete against him in a free diving contest -- determining who can dive deeper and longer without scuba gear -- Jacques meets Johana, a beautiful insurance investigator from America, and he finds that he must choose between his love for her and his love of the sea.
Title: I Am Not an Easy Man | Genres: comedy | Overview: The chauvinist Damien wakes up in a world where women and men have their roles reversed in society, and everything is dominated by women.
Title: Girl | Genres: drama | Overview: A promising teenage dancer enrolls at a prestigious ballet school while grappling with her gender dysphoria.
Title: Rugrats Go Wild | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: When the Rugrats find themselves stranded on a deserted island, they meet the Thornberrys, a family who agrees to help them escape.
Title: The Voices | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Angry and upset after a sudden breakup with her fiancé, Grace Crawford seeks sanctuary at the remote home of her sister, Catherine. It becomes clear that Catherine is suffering from paranoid schizophrenia, much like their late mother, who had taken her own life. While coming to terms with this heavy realization, Grace also uncovers another terrible little secret that has her struggling to maintain her own sanity and ultimately scurrying to save herself and her family from further harm.
Title: Hellraiser: Hellseeker | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: Kirsty Cotten is now all grown up and married. Her memory of the events that took place back at her parent's home and the mental institution have dimmed, but she is still traumatized. A fatal car crash kills Kirsty. Now, her husband finds himself in a strange world full of sexy women, greed and murder, making him believe that he is in hell.
Title: Quills | Genres: drama | Overview: A nobleman with a literary flair, the Marquis de Sade lives in a madhouse where a beautiful laundry maid smuggles his erotic stories to a printer, defying orders from the asylum's resident priest. The titillating passages whip all of France into a sexual frenzy, until a fiercely conservative doctor tries to put an end to the fun.
Title: 7500 | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: When terrorists try to seize control of a Berlin-Paris flight, a soft-spoken young American co-pilot struggles to save the lives of the passengers and crew while forging a surprising connection with one of the hijackers.
Title: One Piece: Strong World Episode 0 | Genres: action, animation, comedy | Overview: The introductory chapter to the movie, Strong World, which depicts the events surrounding Gold Roger's execution.
Title: Beyond White Space | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: When a deep space fishing vessel is robbed by a gang of pirates, the Captain makes a daring decision to go after a rare and nearly extinct species. His obsession propels them further into space as the crew spins toward mutiny and betrayal.
Title: Minions: Puppy | Genres: animation, family, comedy, science fiction | Overview: A Minion, seeing many owners walk their dogs, wants a puppy of his own. He tries to leash a ladybug but fails. Luckily, a UFO that sweeps away the ladybug somehow agrees to become a Puppy.
Title: Junglee | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: A vet returns home to his father's elephant reserve where he encounters and fights an international poacher's racket.
Title: The Getaway | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: A recently released ex-convict and his loyal wife go on the run after a heist goes wrong.
"Title: Havoc | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: A wealthy Los Angeles teen and her superficial friends wants to break out of suburbia and experience Southern California's ""gangsta"" lifestyle. But problems arise when the preppies get in over their heads and provoke the wrath of a violent Latino gang. Suddenly, their role-playing seems a little too real."
Title: Asakusa Kid | Genres: drama | Overview: In 1965, Takeshi Kitano drops out of a university and enters the Asakusa France Za, which is a performance theater. He becomes an apprentice to Senzaburo Fukami, who is a legendary entertainer. Senzaburo Fukami demands that Takeshi Kitano keep the mindset of an entertainer, not only on stage, but also in his daily life. Takeshi Kitano cultivates his dream of becoming an entertainer with other apprentices. Due to the popularity of TV, people attend the theater less and less, but Takeshi Kitano spends his youthful days with Senzaburo Fukami and other apprentices who are full of talent and unique personalities.
Title: Funeral Parade of Roses | Genres: drama, fantasy | Overview: Set in the underground gay culture of 1960s Tokyo, a loose adaptation of Oedipus Rex in which a transgender sex worker kills his mother and sleeps with his father.
"Title: A Chinese Odyssey Part Two: Cinderella | Genres: comedy, fantasy | Overview: This sequel to ""Pandora's Box"" continues director Jeffrey Lau's adaptation of the Buddhism saga ""Journey to the West"". Stranded five centuries in the past, Joker Monkey King must battle a variety of monsters, seductive women and super-powered villains to save the dying Pak Jing-Jing."
Title: Anomalisa | Genres: animation, drama, romance, comedy | Overview: An inspirational speaker becomes reinvigorated after meeting a lively woman who shakes up his mundane existence.
Title: The Mothman Prophecies | Genres: drama, horror, mystery | Overview: Reporter John Klein is plunged into a world of impossible terror and unthinkable chaos when fate draws him to a sleepy West Virginia town whose residents are being visited by a great winged shape that sows hideous nightmares and fevered visions.
Title: Harriet | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The extraordinary tale of Harriet Tubman's escape from slavery and transformation into one of America's greatest heroes. Her courage, ingenuity and tenacity freed hundreds of slaves and changed the course of history.
Title: Batman: Return of the Caped Crusaders | Genres: action, animation, adventure, crime, science fiction | Overview: Adam West and Burt Ward returns to their iconic roles of Batman and Robin. The film sees the superheroes going up against classic villains like The Joker, The Riddler, The Penguin and Catwoman, both in Gotham City… and in space.
Title: Double Jeopardy | Genres: thriller | Overview: A woman framed for her husband's murder suspects he is still alive; as she has already been tried for the crime, she can't be re-prosecuted if she finds and kills him.
Title: One Crazy Summer: A Look Back at Gravity Falls | Genres: documentary | Overview: A look behind-the-scenes at the making of Gravity Falls, featuring interviews from numerous cast and crew members.
Title: Gunfight at the O.K. Corral | Genres: western | Overview: Lawman Wyatt Earp and outlaw Doc Holliday form an unlikely alliance which culminates in their participation in the legendary Gunfight at the O.K. Corral.
Title: Say Anything... | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: A noble underachiever and a beautiful valedictorian fall in love the summer before she goes off to college.
Title: Slumber | Genres: horror | Overview: A sleep doctor tries to protect a family from a demon that feeds on people in their nightmares.
Title: Kindergarten Cop 2 | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: Assigned to recover sensitive stolen data, a gruff FBI agent goes undercover as a kindergarten teacher, but the school's liberal, politically correct environment is more than he bargained for.
Title: Sniper | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: Tough guy Thomas Beckett is an US soldier working in the Panamanian jungle. His job is to seek out rebels and remove them using his sniper skills. Beckett is notorious for losing his partners on such missions. This time he's accompanied by crack marksman Richard Miller.
Title: The Jacket | Genres: thriller, mystery, drama | Overview: A military veteran goes on a journey into the future, where he can foresee his death and is left with questions that could save his life and those he loves.
"Title: I Am Bruce Lee | Genres: documentary | Overview: Bruce Lee is universally recognized as the pioneer who elevated martial arts in film to an art form, and this documentary will reveal why Bruce Lee's flame burns brighter now than the day he died over three decades ago. The greatest martial artists, athletes, actors, directors, and producers in the entertainment business today will share their feelings about the one who started it all. We will interview the people whose lives, careers, and belief systems were forever altered by the legendary ""Father of Martial Arts Cinema"". Rarely seen archival footage and classic photos will punctuate the personal testimonials. Prepare to be inspired."
Title: Detective Conan: The Private Eyes' Requiem | Genres: animation, mystery | Overview: Synopsis Kogoro and Conan came to Yokohama according to a request from a mysterious man. But that was a trap of this man. Ran and the Detective Boys will be taken as hostages. If they don't solve the request of the man within 12 hours, the bombs attached to the hostages will explode. Furthermore, the man know that Conan`s true identity is Kudo Shinichi. Also Hattori Heiji, the High School Detective of the West, and Kaito Kid enter the stage. Will they be able to solve the mystery within the time limit and save Ran and the others? And who in the world is the client?
Title: Naruto, the Genie, and the Three Wishes, Believe It! | Genres: animation, action, comedy | Overview: Naruto discovers a genie's bottle while he and the gang are at a genin grill party. When everyone finds out about the genie's ability to grant wishes, the ultimate chase begins.
Title: Thank You for Your Service | Genres: drama, war | Overview: A group of U.S. soldiers returning from Iraq struggle to integrate back into family and civilian life, while living with the memory of a war that threatens to destroy them long after they've left the battlefield.
Title: Smokey and the Bandit II | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: The Bandit goes on another cross-country run, transporting an elephant from Florida to Texas. And, once again, Sheriff Buford T. Justice is on his tail.
Title: 13 | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A naive young man assumes a dead man's identity and finds himself embroiled in an underground world of power, violence, and chance where men gamble behind closed doors on the lives of other men.
"Title: Young Guns II | Genres: western, adventure | Overview: Three of the original five ""young guns"" — Billy the Kid (Emilio Estevez), Jose Chavez y Chavez (Lou Diamond Phillips), and Doc Scurlock (Kiefer Sutherland) — return in Young Guns, Part 2, which is the story of Billy the Kid and his race to safety in Old Mexico while being trailed by a group of government agents led by Pat Garrett."
Title: Unknown | Genres: thriller | Overview: Five men wake up in a locked-down warehouse with no memory of who they are. They are forced to figure out who is good and who is bad to stay alive.
Title: The Treasures of Crimea | Genres: documentary | Overview: It was a fateful coincidence that in 2014, just when the Allard Pierson Museum in Amsterdam was staging an exhibition of Crimean artworks, Russia annexed the region. So now the question arises of who should the artworks be returned to? To the museums in Crimea who had been so kind as to loan them out? Or to Ukraine, perhaps, the country Crimea belonged to before the annexation? What should the museum’s director Wim Hupperetz do?
Title: Darc | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: To bring down a global human trafficking ring, an Interpol agent recruits the help of a brutal criminal with inside knowledge of the yakuza.
Title: The Deep | Genres: mystery, thriller, adventure | Overview: A pair of young vacationers are involved in a dangerous conflict with treasure hunters when they discover a way into a deadly wreck in Bermuda waters.
Title: Father of the Bride Part II | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Just when George Banks has recovered from his daughter's wedding, he receives the news that she's pregnant ... and that George's wife is expecting too. He was planning on selling their home, but that's a plan that—like George—will have to change with the arrival of both a grandchild and a kid of his own.
Title: Chances Are | Genres: fantasy, comedy, romance | Overview: Louie Jeffries is happily married to Corinne. On their first anniversary, Louie is killed crossing the road. Louie is reincarnated as Alex Finch, and twenty years later, fate brings Alex and Louie's daughter, Miranda, together. It's not until Alex is invited to Louie's home that he begins to remember his former life, wife and best friend. Of course, there's also the problem that he's attracted to Louie's/his own daughter.
Title: The 36th Chamber of Shaolin | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: The anti-Ching patriots, under the guidance of Ho Kuang-han, have secretly set up their base in Canton, disguised as school masters. During a brutal Manchu attack, Lui manages to escape, and devotes himself to learning the martial arts in order to seek revenge.
Title: 1911 | Genres: adventure, drama, action, history, war | Overview: At the beginning of the 20th century, China is in a state of crisis. The country is split into warring factions, the citizens are starving, and recent political reforms have made matters worse, not better. The ruling Qing Dynasty, led by a seven-year-old emperor, and his ruthless mother, Empress Dowager Longyu is completely out of touch after 250 years of unquestioned power. Huang Xing has recently returned from Japan, where he has studied the art of modern warfare. When he finds his country falling apart, he feels he has no choice but to pick up the sword.
Title: Fate/stay night: Heaven's Feel III. Spring Song | Genres: animation, romance, fantasy, action, drama | Overview: As Sakura drowns in the murky darkness of the sins she has committed, Shirou's vow to protect her at all costs leads him into a raging battle to put an end to the Holy Grail War. Will Shirou's wish reach Sakura even as he challenges fate itself in a desperate battle against the rising tide?
Title: The Piano | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: After a long voyage from Scotland, pianist Ada McGrath and her young daughter, Flora, are left with all their belongings, including a piano, on a New Zealand beach. Ada, who has been mute since childhood, has been sold into marriage to a local man named Alisdair Stewart. Making little attempt to warm up to Alisdair, Ada soon becomes intrigued by his Maori-friendly acquaintance, George Baines, leading to tense, life-altering conflicts.
Title: Spanglish | Genres: comedy | Overview: Mexican immigrant and single mother Flor Moreno finds housekeeping work with Deborah and John Clasky, a well-off couple with two children of their own. When Flor admits she can't handle the schedule because of her daughter, Cristina, Deborah decides they should move into the Clasky home. Cultures clash and tensions run high as Flor and the Claskys struggle to share space while raising their children on their own, and very different, terms.
Title: Above Suspicion | Genres: thriller, crime | Overview: The chilling true story of a newly married FBI poster boy assigned to an Appalachian mountain town in Kentucky. There he is drawn into an illicit affair with an impoverished local woman who becomes his star informant. She sees in him her means of escape; instead, it's a ticket to disaster for both of them.
Title: The Star Wars Holiday Special | Genres: adventure, comedy, family, science fiction, tv movie | Overview: Luke Skywalker and Han Solo battle evil Imperial forces to help Chewbacca reach his imperiled family on the Wookiee planet - in time for Life Day, their most important day of the year!
Title: The Andromeda Strain | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: When virtually all of the residents of Piedmont, New Mexico, are found dead after the return to Earth of a space satellite, the head of the US Air Force's Project Scoop declares an emergency. A group of eminent scientists led by Dr. Jeremy Stone scramble to a secure laboratory and try to first isolate the life form while determining why two people from Piedmont - an old alcoholic and a six-month-old baby - survived. The scientists methodically study the alien life form unaware that it has already mutated and presents a far greater danger in the lab, which is equipped with a nuclear self-destruct device designed to prevent the escape of dangerous biological agents..
Title: The Invention of Lying | Genres: comedy, fantasy, romance | Overview: Set in a world where the concept of lying doesn't exist, a loser changes his lot when he invents lying and uses it to get ahead.
"Title: Cinderela Pop | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Cintia is modern princess, she's connected, decided and loves music. This ""pop"" princess used to live with their parents in a huge castle with a nice view to the city. Every night she looked through the window and watch the view dreaming with a prince she didn't met yet. But one day her castle crumbles with everything around her, after her parents divorce she went to live with her aunt and stops believing in love. What she didn't knew was that there was a charming prince in her history, that wanted to break the ice around our modern day cinderella."
Title: Invincible | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Inspired by the true story of Vince Papale, a man with nothing to lose who ignored the staggering odds and made his dream come true. When the coach of Papale's beloved hometown football team hosted an unprecedented open tryout, the public consensus was that it was a waste of time – no one good enough to play professional football was going to be found this way.
Title: Volver | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Raimunda lives and works in Madrid with her husband Paco and their daughter Paula. Raimunda's sister Sole lives nearby. The two sisters miss their mother Irene who died several years ago in a house fire along with their father. When a former neighbor from their hometown reports that she has seen the ghost of Irene, the daughters do not believe her. After a murder and a family tragedy, however, Irene's spirit materializes around her daughters to comfort them.
Title: Cam Girls | Genres: romance | Overview: Jenna, Kelly and Ness have all found themselves isolated around lockdown. With little to do around the homes, and a lot of time on their hands, the girls interact with one another discussing their new sexual desires becoming unleashed with their partners via the internet. Diving into the world of BDSM, group and infidelity, will the ladies want to go further with these experimental sexual acts when they leave lockdown?
"Title: Backdraft 2 | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: Years after the original Backdraft, Sean, son of the late Steve ""Bull"" McCaffrey, is assigned to investigate a deadly fire only to realize it is something much more sinister."
Title: Saving Mr. Banks | Genres: comedy, drama, history | Overview: Author P.L. Travers looks back on her childhood while reluctantly meeting with Walt Disney, who seeks to adapt her Mary Poppins books for the big screen.
Title: Boys | Genres: drama | Overview: Two teen track stars discover first love as they train for the biggest relay race of their young lives.
Title: Tootsie | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: When struggling, out of work actor Michael Dorsey secretly adopts a female alter ego - Dorothy Michaels - in order to land a part in a daytime drama, he unwittingly becomes a feminist icon and ends up in a romantic pickle.
Title: Mr. Jones | Genres: thriller, drama, history | Overview: In 1933, Welsh journalist Gareth Jones travels to Ukraine, where he experiences the horrors of a famine. Everywhere he goes he meets henchmen of the Soviet secret service who are determined to prevent news about the catastrophe from getting out. Stalin’s forced collectivisation of agriculture has resulted in misery and ruin—the policy is tantamount to mass murder.
Title: The Dirty Dozen | Genres: action, adventure, war | Overview: 12 American military prisoners in World War II are ordered to infiltrate a well-guarded enemy château and kill the Nazi officers vacationing there. The soldiers, most of whom are facing death sentences for a variety of violent crimes, agree to the mission and the possible commuting of their sentences.
Title: Ranma ½ | Genres: action, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Akane is the youngest of three daughters for Soun Tendo. Her father Soun Tendo runs a dojo for martial arts. Akane hopes to carry on her father's dojo into the distant future. Meanwhile, Akane has been selected to marry Ranma, the son of her father's long time friend Genma. Akane and Ranma's relationship has developed into a love and hate relationship. Also, Ranma isn't your typical boy. While on a training journey Ranma fell into the Spring of the Drowned Girl and now changes into a women whenever cold water is splashed on him. Warm water will allow him to revert back to a male. Problems arise when Akane's father declares that the successor to their dojo must be a male. Now, Akane and Ranma (being a man only half of the time) must find a secret spring that can cure him of his curse.
Title: The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas | Genres: comedy, family, romance | Overview: The Flintstones are at it again. The Flintstones and the Rubbles head for Rock Vegas with Fred hoping to court the lovely Wilma. Nothing will stand in the way of love, except for the conniving Chip Rockefeller who is the playboy born in Baysville but who has made it in the cutthroat town of Rock Vegas. Will Fred win Wilma's love?
Title: The Exorcism of Anna Ecklund | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: When a Priest and a Vatican investigator take a possessed housewife to a convent to perform an Exorcism, all hell breaks loose....
Title: History of the World: Part I | Genres: comedy | Overview: An uproarious version of history that proves nothing is sacred – not even the Roman Empire, the French Revolution and the Spanish Inquisition.
Title: To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar | Genres: comedy | Overview: Three New York drag queens on their way to Hollywood for a beauty pageant get stranded in a small Midwestern town for the entire weekend when their car breaks down. While waiting for parts for their Cadillac convertible, the flamboyant trio shows the local homophobic rednecks that appearing different doesn't mean they don't have humanity in common.
Title: On Deadly Ground | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Forrest Taft is an environmental agent who works for the Aegis Oil Company in Alaska. Aegis Oil's corrupt CEO is the kind of person who doesn't care whether or not oil spills into the ocean or onto the land—just as long as it's making money for him.
Title: Little Miss Sunshine | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A family loaded with quirky, colorful characters piles into an old van and road trips to California for little Olive to compete in a beauty pageant.
Title: The Way Back | Genres: drama | Overview: A former basketball all-star, who has lost his wife and family foundation in a struggle with addiction attempts to regain his soul and salvation by becoming the coach of a disparate ethnically mixed high school basketball team at his alma mater.
Title: Wonder Woman | Genres: action, adventure, animation, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: On the mystical island of Themyscira, a proud and fierce warrior race of Amazons have raised a daughter of untold beauty, grace and strength: Princess Diana. When an Army fighter pilot, Steve Trevor, crash-lands on the island, the rebellious and headstrong Diana defies Amazonian law by accompanying Trevor back to civilization.
Title: Hidden | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A family takes refuge in a fallout shelter to avoid a dangerous outbreak.
Title: The Time Traveler's Wife | Genres: drama, romance, fantasy | Overview: Due to a genetic disorder, handsome librarian Henry DeTamble involuntarily zips through time, appearing at various moments in the life of his true love, the beautiful artist Clare Abshire.
Title: The Wicker Man | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller, drama | Overview: A sheriff investigating the disappearance of a young girl from a small island discovers there's a larger mystery to solve among the island's secretive, neo-pagan community.
"Title: Dirty Dancing | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Spending the summer at a Catskills resort with her family, Frances ""Baby"" Houseman falls in love with the camp's dance instructor, Johnny Castle, and nothing is ever the same for anyone in the Houseman family."
Title: Primer | Genres: science fiction, drama, thriller | Overview: Friends and fledgling entrepreneurs invent a device in their garage which reduces the apparent mass of any object placed inside it, but they discover that it has some highly unexpected capabilities - ones that could enable them to do and to have seemingly anything they want. Taking advantage of this unique opportunity is the first challenge they face. Dealing with the consequences is the next.
Title: One Piece: Episode of Luffy - Hand Island Adventure | Genres: action, animation, adventure, comedy, drama | Overview: As Luffy and the crew were attacked by several marine warship they were forced to use Coup de Burst to escape. Crash landing on an island the crew decided to explore while some repairment is made. Upon meeting an wax artisan and learning the truth behind the island Luffy offer his help.
Title: Viking Blood | Genres: action | Overview: When a viking mercenary finds himself in the middle of a battle between the old gods and the new, he decides that neither side deserves to win. And so begins an epic battle between good and evil that will decide the fate of a nation.
"Title: Monster High: Escape from Skull Shores | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: It's officially Spring Break at Monster High, and Lagoona takes her gilfriends across the sea to the Great Barrier Reef, but they are ship wrecked and end up on a mysterious skull shaped island. Here they enjoy the local hospitality until they realize that they are being used by a slippery showman named Farnum to lure the rarest, most mysterious monster of them all, ""the Beast"" into a trap. Frankie is taken by the Beast but tables turn and she ends up rescuing him and returning with him to Monster High. The story goes to high voltage when they realize that Frankie has inadvertently led Farnum to the location of the greatest gathering of monsters anywhere...Monster High."
Title: An Optical Illusion - Interval | Genres: thriller | Overview: A couple from Burgos, Alfredo and Teresa, travel to New York where they intend to “switch off” and do all of the things listed in the guidebook. But the moment they land, they start to notice signs, some subtle and others rather less so, that in fact they’re not in the city sold to them by the travel agency. So where are they?
Title: Crayon Shin-chan: Shrouded in Mystery! The Flowers of Tenkazu Academy | Genres: animation | Overview: When the five visit a private academy Kazama is attacked. He is left with reduced intelligence and strange bite marks.
Title: Barabbas | Genres: adventure, drama, history | Overview: Epic account of the thief Barabbas, who was spared crucifixion when Pilate manipulated the crowd into pardoning him, rather than Jesus. Struggling with his spirituality, Barabbas goes through many ordeals leading him to the gladiatorial arena, where he tries to win his freedom and confront his inner demons, ultimately becoming a follower of the man who was crucified in his place.
Title: Violent Cop | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: A detective breaks all rules of ethical conduct while investigating a colleague’s involvement in drug pushing and Yakuza activities.
Title: Street Fighter II: The Animated Movie | Genres: animation, action | Overview: Bison, the ruthless leader of the international terrorist organization Shadowlaw, has been desperately searching for the greatest fighter on the planet for years. He finds it in Ryu, a young wanderer who never stays in one place long enough for Bison to find him. He does, however, get a fix on Ken Masters, an American martial arts champion who studied with Ryu as a child under the same master. Meanwhile, Major Guile of the United States Army is forced to team up with Chun Li from China in hopes of apprehending Bison and putting a stop his international ring of crime.
Title: Earth and Blood | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A sawmill owner and his teenage daughter become tangled in a deadly feud when a drug dealer stashes stolen cocaine on their remote property.
Title: The People vs. Larry Flynt | Genres: drama | Overview: Larry Flynt is the hedonistically obnoxious, but indomitable, publisher of Hustler magazine. The film recounts his struggle to make an honest living publishing his girlie magazine and how it changes into a battle to protect the freedom of speech for all people.
Title: Mengejar Surga | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Atiqah, a woman who grew up without a father when she grew up decided to fly to Holland and look for her father. In the course of his search, he meets an important figure in his life.
Title: The Ledge | Genres: thriller | Overview: A rock climbing adventure between two friends turns into a terrifying nightmare. After Kelly captures the murder of her best friend on camera, she becomes the next target of a tight-knit group of friends who will stop at nothing to destroy the evidence and anyone in their way. Desperate for her safety, she begins a treacherous climb up a mountain cliff and her survival instincts are put to the test when she becomes trapped with the killers just 20 feet away.
Title: Monster High: New Ghoul at School | Genres: family, animation, fantasy | Overview: Being the new girl is totally terrifying. See what really happened during Frankie Stein's first week at Monster High!
Title: Rules Don't Apply | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: It's Hollywood, 1958. Small town beauty queen and devout Baptist virgin Marla Mabrey, under contract to the infamous Howard Hughes, arrives in Los Angeles. At the airport, she meets her driver Frank Forbes, who is engaged to be married to his seventh grade sweetheart and is a deeply religious Methodist. Their instant attraction not only puts their religious convictions to the test, but also defies Hughes' number one rule: No employee is allowed to have any relationship whatsoever with a contract actress. Hughes' behavior intersects with Marla and Frank in very separate and unexpected ways, and as they are drawn deeper into his bizarre world, their values are challenged and their lives are changed.
Title: The Day After | Genres: tv movie, science fiction, drama | Overview: In the mid-1980s, the U.S. is poised on the brink of nuclear war. This shadow looms over the residents of a small town in Kansas as they continue their daily lives. Dr. Russell Oakes maintains his busy schedule at the hospital, Denise Dahlberg prepares for her upcoming wedding, and Stephen Klein is deep in his graduate studies. When the unthinkable happens and the bombs come down, the town's residents are thrust into the horrors of nuclear winter.
Title: Bait | Genres: action, horror, thriller | Overview: A freak tsunami traps shoppers at a coastal Australian supermarket inside the building ... along with a 12-foot great white shark.
Title: Taking Lives | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: Recruited to assist Montreal police in their desperate search for a serial killer who assumes the identities of his victims, FBI profiler Illeana Scott knows it's only a matter of time before the killer strikes again. Her most promising lead is a museum employee who might be the killer's only eyewitness.
Title: Patriot Games | Genres: drama, action, thriller, crime | Overview: When CIA Analyst Jack Ryan interferes with an IRA assassination, a renegade faction targets Jack and his family as revenge.
"Title: Gokuraku sentô: Kyonyû yumomi | Genres: comedy | Overview: ""Tachibana Yusen"" in a certain town. There is a public bath that Kasuko, who has extraordinary big breasts, inherited from her father. There are regular customers from my father's time, but young people and old people gathered for Kasuko's big breasts. However, it was decided to open a sports gym with a spa in the neighborhood, and as a countermeasure, he was considering new services with regular customers."
Title: Close | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A counter-terrorism expert takes a job protecting a young heiress. After an attempted kidnapping puts both of their lives in danger, they must flee.
"Title: Making The Witcher | Genres: documentary | Overview: Journey into the extraordinary world of ""The Witcher"" — from casting the roles to Jaskier's catchy song — in this behind-the-scenes look at the series. Go behind the monsters, the ballads and every bit of magic that went into bringing The Witcher's Continent to life."
"Title: Adaptation. | Genres: comedy, crime, drama | Overview: Nicolas Cage is Charlie Kaufman, a confused L.A. screenwriter overwhelmed by feelings of inadequacy, sexual frustration, self-loathing, and by the screenwriting ambitions of his freeloading twin brother Donald. While struggling to adapt ""The Orchid Thief,"" by Susan Orlean, Kaufman's life spins from pathetic to bizarre. The lives of Kaufman, Orlean's book, become strangely intertwined as each one's search for passion collides with the others'."
Title: Alone | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: When an outbreak hits, Aidan barricades himself inside his apartment and starts rationing food. His complex is overrun by infected Screamers, and with the world falling apart into chaos, he is left completely alone fighting for his life.
Title: Battle at Big Rock | Genres: adventure, science fiction, action | Overview: A family's camping trip at Big Rock National Park is disrupted by dinosaurs.
Title: The Double Life of Véronique | Genres: drama, mystery, fantasy | Overview: Véronique is a beautiful young French woman who aspires to be a renowned singer; Weronika lives in Poland, has a similar career goal and looks identical to Véronique, though the two are not related. The film follows both women as they contend with the ups and downs of their individual lives, with Véronique embarking on an unusual romance with Alexandre Fabbri, a puppeteer who may be able to help her with her existential issues.
Title: God's Own Country | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: A young farmer in rural Yorkshire numbs his daily frustrations with binge drinking and casual sex, until the arrival of a Romanian migrant worker.
Title: Raging Fire | Genres: action, crime | Overview: Shan is a highly respected cop with a long history of success in dangerous cases, however, his past soon comes back to haunt him when his former protégé seeks revenge against all those who have wronged him.
Title: Osmosis Jones | Genres: adventure, animation, action, comedy, family | Overview: A white blood cell policeman, with the help of a cold pill, must stop a deadly virus from destroying the human they live in, Frank.
Title: Eighth Grade | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Thirteen-year-old Kayla endures the tidal wave of contemporary suburban adolescence as she makes her way through the last week of middle school — the end of her thus far disastrous eighth grade year — before she begins high school.
Title: You Were Never Really Here | Genres: thriller, drama, crime | Overview: A traumatised veteran, unafraid of violence, tracks down missing girls for a living. When a job spins out of control, his nightmares overtake him as a conspiracy is uncovered leading to what may be his death trip or his awakening.
Title: Derailed | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: When two married business executives having an affair are blackmailed by a violent criminal, they are forced to turn the tables on him to save their families.
Title: Animal Farm | Genres: animation, drama | Overview: A successful farmyard revolution by the resident animals vs. the farmer goes horribly wrong when corrupt pigs hijack it for their personal gain. Based on the socialist George Orwell’s novel “Animal Farm”, a critique of Stalinist authoritarianism.
Title: The Flowers of War | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: A Westerner finds refuge with a group of women in a church during Japan's rape of Nanking in 1937. Posing as a priest, he attempts to lead the women to safety.
Title: The Ward | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A thriller centered on an institutionalized young woman who becomes terrorized by a ghost.
Title: Ovella | Genres: drama | Overview: Ove is a young man who has been treated and raised like a sheep all his life. His daily life consists of eating, sleeping, grazing and hanging out with LL, the only sheep in the herd that seems to accept him.
Title: Mutant Pumpkins from Outer Space | Genres: tv movie, animation, family, comedy | Overview: Susan Murphy (a.k.a. Ginormica) and the Monsters are now working with the US government as special ops. So when an alien presence is detected in Susan's hometown of Modesto, California -- right before Halloween -- the team is dispatched to investigate. Everything appears normal, right down to the jack-o-lanterns peering out from every doorstep and windowsill. But when Halloween arrives, those innocent-looking carved pumpkins reveal themselves for what they really are mutant aliens. The altered pumpkins then start to implement their fiendish plan to take over Earth. The Monsters are there to combat the mutant gourds and try to smash their wicked scheme!
Title: Headhunters | Genres: thriller, crime, action | Overview: An accomplished headhunter risks everything to obtain a valuable painting owned by a former mercenary.
Title: Lake Placid 3 | Genres: horror, action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A game warden moves his family to Lake Placid, once the site of deadly crocodile attacks. Locals assure him the crocs are gone, but his mischievous young son finds a few baby crocs and begins feeding them. They quickly grow into very big adults and start attacking the game warden's family and nearby town.
Title: The Hand that Rocks the Cradle | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A suburban family chooses seemingly sweet Peyton Flanders as their newborn's nanny. Only much later does the infant's mother, Claire Bartel, realize Peyton's true intentions -- to destroy Claire and replace her in the family. The nail-biting suspense builds quickly in this chilling psychological thriller about deception and bitter revenge.
Title: The Order | Genres: adventure, action, comedy | Overview: When Rudy, an artifacts smuggler, goes to Jerusalem to rescue his kidnapped archeologist father, he faces deportation by a scheming police chief. Now, to find his dad and recover a sacred scroll, he'll have to outwit officials and a ruthless sect. With the help of a beautiful Israeli cop, Rudy battles a faction of religious zealots determined to see a holy war at all costs.
Title: Zombies: A Living History | Genres: documentary | Overview: Zombies: are they real? Every culture creates its own version of a zombie. There have been diseases in history that have mimicked behavior of a zombie virus. The plausibility is there. You would never be up against one zombie.you would be up against thousands or millions of zombies. How would you survive?
Title: City of Ember | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: For generations, the people of the City of Ember have flourished in an amazing world of glittering lights. But Ember's once powerful generator is failing and the great lamps that illuminate the city are starting to flicker. Now, two teenagers, in a race against time, must search Ember for clues that will unlock the ancient mystery of the city's existence, before the the lights go out forever.
Title: In Fabric | Genres: horror, fantasy, comedy | Overview: A haunting ghost story set against the backdrop of a busy winter sales period in a department store, following the life of a cursed dress as it passes from person to person, with devastating consequences.
Title: Killing Me Softly | Genres: thriller | Overview: A woman grows suspicious of her controlling husband after she discovers secrets about the women in his past.
Title: Force of Nature | Genres: action, crime | Overview: A gang of thieves plan a heist during a hurricane and encounter trouble when a disgraced cop tries to force everyone in the building to evacuate.
Title: 7th Floor | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Buenos Aires, Argentina. Sebastián, a successful lawyer, leaves his ex-wife's condo, located on the seventh floor of an apartment building, to take his two children to school. While they run down the stairs, he uses the elevator. Once on the ground floor, Sebastián awaits the arrival of the children…
Title: When the Bough Breaks | Genres: mystery, drama, horror | Overview: A surrogate mother harbors a deadly secret desire for a family of her own with the husband who is expecting to raise her child.
Title: In the House | Genres: comedy, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: A sixteen-year-old boy insinuates himself into the house of a fellow student from his literature class and writes about it in essays for his French teacher. Faced with this gifted and unusual pupil, the teacher rediscovers his enthusiasm for his work, but the boy’s intrusion will unleash a series of uncontrollable events.
Title: Stripes | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: John Winger, an indolent sad sack in his 30s, impulsively joins the U.S. Army after losing his job, his girlfriend and his apartment.
Title: Two Weeks Notice | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Dedicated environmental lawyer Lucy Kelson goes to work for billionaire George Wade as part of a deal to preserve a community center. Indecisive and weak-willed George grows dependent on Lucy's guidance on everything from legal matters to clothing. Exasperated, Lucy gives notice and picks Harvard graduate June Carter as her replacement. As Lucy's time at the firm nears an end, she grows jealous of June and has second thoughts about leaving George.
Title: Doraemon: Nobita's Dinosaur | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: After bringing a fossilized egg back to life with the Time Cloth, Nobita finds himself the owner of a baby dinosaur. Everything is fine until it grows up. Nobita and friends use Doraemon's time machine to return it back to its own time.
Title: Sister Act 2: Back in the Habit | Genres: music, comedy | Overview: Deloris Van Cartier is again asked to don the nun's habit to help a run-down Catholic school, presided over by Mother Superior. And if trying to reach out to a class full of uninterested students wasn't bad enough, the sisters discover that the school is due to be closed by the unscrupulous chief of a local authority.
Title: Spree | Genres: horror, comedy, crime, thriller | Overview: Kurt Kunkle, a rideshare driver thirsty for followers, has figured out a deadly plan to go viral. As his disturbing livestream is absurdly embraced by the social media hellscape, a comedian emerges as the only hope to stop him.
"Title: Patch Adams | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: The true story of Dr. Hunter ""Patch"" Adams, who in the 1970s found that humor is the best medicine, and was willing to do just anything to make his patients laugh—even if it meant risking his own career."
Title: The Bride | Genres: mystery, horror, thriller | Overview: This is a story of a small town girl named Nastya. Her newly married husband Ivan drives her to his hometown to meet his family. Upon their arrival Nastya feels she made a wrong decision: she is surrounded by weird people and she sees creepy photos all around the house. Ivan disappears while his family prepares Nastya for a mysterious traditional Russian wedding ceremony. She struggles to calm herself down hoping all this will end and they will live happily ever after. Only if she stays alive...
Title: Bad Boy Bubby | Genres: crime, drama, comedy | Overview: Bad Boy Bubby is just that: a bad boy. So bad, in fact, that his mother has kept him locked in their house for his entire thirty years, convincing him that the air outside is poisonous. After a visit from his estranged father, circumstances force Bubby into the waiting world, a place which is just as unusual to him as he is to the world.
Title: Love Potion No. 9 | Genres: comedy, romance, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Unlucky in love, chemist Paul Matthews visits gypsy Madame Rosa for help. Quickly realizing he is a hopeless nerd, she gifts him with Love Potion No. 8, which makes anyone who wears it irresistible to the opposite sex for four hours. Paul and animal psychologist coworker Diane Farrow decide to test it on themselves. The awkward pair suddenly find themselves alluring to anyone they approach, but soon realize they are most attracted to each other.
Title: Azumi | Genres: adventure, drama, action, thriller, romance | Overview: In war-torn Japan, the Tokugawa Shogun, desperate to restore peace to his people, orders the assassination of the hostile warlords. A beautiful young woman is raised from birth with nine other orphans, to become an assassin. Her name is Azumi, the ultimate assassin.
Title: Dogma | Genres: fantasy, comedy, adventure | Overview: The latest battle in the eternal war between Good and Evil has come to New Jersey in the late, late 20th Century. Angels, demons, apostles and prophets (of a sort) walk among the cynics and innocents of America and duke it out for the fate of humankind.
Title: The Right One | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Sara, a novelist struggling with writer's block, needs inspiration — and finds it when she serendipitously meets Godfrey, a down-on-his-luck oddball who constantly changes personas and alter egos in order to cope with his past and avoid reality. Just as Godfrey begins to open up to Sara, he discovers that she’s been using him as inspiration for her next novel, and he vanishes from her life. Did Sara just lose the man of her dreams, or will she be able to find him and make things right?
Title: The Breed | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: Brothers John and Matt have inherited an island cabin from their recently deceased uncle. Along with Matt's girlfriend, Nicki, and other mutual friends, the siblings travel to the cabin for a relaxing weekend getaway. But, not long after arriving, the group is besieged by ravenous dogs. They watch in horror as another vacationer, Luke, is eaten alive. Soon, they discover a training facility where the dogs have been bred to kill.
Title: Seven Deadly Sins: Lust | Genres: drama | Overview: Tiffanie (Keri Hilson) is about to have the wedding of her dreams to her soul mate, the dashing Damon King (Tobias Truvillion), founder of King Enterprises. But when Damon’s old friend Trey (Durrell ‘Tank’ Babbs) arrives, fresh from prison to step in as Damon’s best man, Tiffanie’s whole world gets rocked. Sexy and mysterious, Trey triggers a passion in Tiffanie that she never expected, and suddenly the life she’s always planned with Damon is uncertain. But Trey still carries wounds from his history with Damon, and his intentions toward both Tiffanie and Damon are not to be trusted. Ms. Juicy, LeToya Luckett, and Clifton Powell also star.
Title: Can You Keep a Secret? | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Emma Corrigan, a girl with a few secrets on a turbulent plane ride, thinks she’s about to die, Emma spills them all to the handsome stranger sitting next to her. At least, she thought he was a stranger. But then, her company’s young and elusive CEO, arrives at the office. It’s him. And he knows every single humiliating detail about Emma.
Title: Hellraiser: Revelations | Genres: horror | Overview: Two friends in Mexico discover the Lament Configuration and unleash Pinhead, but one decides to try to survive by swapping himself with someone else. Once they go missing, family members go in search of them, but find Pinhead instead.
Title: Homecoming: A Film by Beyoncé | Genres: documentary, music | Overview: This intimate, in-depth look at Beyoncé's celebrated 2018 Coachella performance reveals the emotional road from creative concept to cultural movement.
Title: A Shaun the Sheep Movie: Farmageddon | Genres: comedy, animation, family | Overview: When an alien with amazing powers crash-lands near Mossy Bottom Farm, Shaun the Sheep goes on a mission to shepherd the intergalactic visitor home before a sinister organization can capture her.
Title: Hate by Dani Rovira | Genres: comedy | Overview: An uncensored monologue by Dani Rovira about today's society.
Title: White Men Can't Jump | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Billy Hoyle and Sidney Deane are an unlikely pair of basketball hustlers. They team up to con their way across the courts of Los Angeles, playing a game that's fast dangerous - and funny.
Title: Baby Boom | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: The life of super-yuppie J.C. is thrown into turmoil when she inherits a baby from a distant relative.
Title: The Italian Job | Genres: action, crime, comedy, thriller | Overview: Charlie's got a 'job' to do. Having just left prison he finds one his of friends has attempted a high risk job in Torino, Italy, right under the nose of the mafia. Charlie's friend doesn't get very far, so Charlie takes over the 'job'. Using three Mini Coopers, a couple of Jaguars and a bus, he hopes to bring Torino to a standstill, steal a fortune in gold and escape in the chaos.
Title: Night School | Genres: comedy | Overview: Teddy Walker is a successful salesman whose life takes an unexpected turn when he accidentally blows up his place of employment. Forced to attend night school to get his GED, Teddy soon finds himself dealing with a group of misfit students, his former high school nemesis and a feisty teacher who doesn't think he's too bright.
Title: Novitiate | Genres: drama | Overview: In the early 1960s, during the Vatican II era, a young woman training to become a nun struggles with issues of faith, sexuality and the changing church.
Title: Ip Man | Genres: drama, action, history | Overview: A semi-biographical account of Yip Man, the first martial arts master to teach the Chinese martial art of Wing Chun. The film focuses on events surrounding Ip that took place in the city of Foshan between the 1930s to 1940s during the Second Sino-Japanese War. Directed by Wilson Yip, the film stars Donnie Yen in the lead role, and features fight choreography by Sammo Hung.
Title: Megan Leavey | Genres: drama, war | Overview: The true story of Marine Corporal Megan Leavey, who forms a powerful bond with an aggressive combat dog, Rex. While deployed in Iraq, the two complete more than 100 missions and save countless lives, until an IED explosion puts their faithfulness to the test.
"Title: Iron Monkey | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: Iron Monkey is a Hong Kong variation of Robin Hood. Corrupt officials of a Chinese village are robbed by a masked bandit known as ""Iron Monkey"", named after a benevolent deity. When all else fails, the Governor forces a traveling physician into finding the bandit. The arrival of an evil Shaolin monk, brings the physician and Iron Monkey together to battle the corrupt government."
Title: Tequila Sunrise | Genres: crime, romance, thriller | Overview: In a seaside California town, best friends Mac and Nick are on opposite sides of the law. Mac is a former drug dealer trying to clean up his act, while Nick is a high-profile detective trying to take down a Mexican drug lord named Carlos. Soon Nick's loyalties are put to the test when he begins an affair with restaurateur Jo Ann -- a love interest of Mac's -- unwittingly leading his friend into a police-orchestrated trap.
Title: The Wizards Return: Alex vs. Alex | Genres: family, adventure, comedy, drama | Overview: The Russo family and friends are headed to Tuscany, Italy, to meet their long lost relatives... but when Alex tries to prove she's more than a seemingly carefree young Wizard, she inadvertently conjures a spell that creates a Good Alex and an Evil Alex. When Evil Alex gets roped into a charming young wizard's foreboding plan to take over the world, Good Alex must find a way to save her family and humankind, which leads to a monumental battle between the two versions of herself - all atop the Tower of Pisa.
Title: 11:14 | Genres: crime, drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: Tells the seemingly random yet vitally connected story of a set of incidents that all converge one evening at 11:14pm. The story follows the chain of events of five different characters and five different storylines that all converge to tell the story of murder and deceit.
Title: Drillbit Taylor | Genres: comedy | Overview: Three kids hire a low-budget bodyguard to protect them from the playground bully, not realising he is just a homeless beggar and petty thief looking for some easy cash.
Title: The Perfection | Genres: horror, thriller, drama | Overview: When troubled musical prodigy Charlotte seeks out Elizabeth, the new star pupil of her former school, the encounter sends both musicians down a sinister path with shocking consequences.
Title: La Leyenda del Diamante | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: When a gun-toting rebel tries to rescue her kidnapped sister, she finds herself up against a widely feared desperado and a cursed guardian of treasure.
Title: The First King | Genres: history | Overview: Romulus and Remus, two shepherds and loyal brothers, end up taking part to a journey that will lead one of them to be the founder of the greatest nation ever seen. However, the fate of the chosen one will pass from killing his own brother.
Title: Battle of the Year | Genres: music, drama | Overview: A down-on-his-luck coach is hired to prepare a team of the best American dancers for an international tournament that attracts all the best crews from around the world, but the Americans haven't won in fifteen years.
Title: Ebola Zombies | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: A group of thieves break into an industrial complex to pull off a jewelry heist, but stumble upon a hidden laboratory where unorthodox SARS and Ebola experiments are taking place on stolen cadavers, who soon mutate into blood-thirsty zombies.
Title: Midnight Special | Genres: adventure, drama, science fiction | Overview: A father and son go on the run after the dad learns his child possesses special powers.
Title: Mission «Sky» | Genres: drama, war | Overview: In the center of the story are three main characters - Lieutenant Colonel Soshnikov, Captain Muravyov and Major Zakharov. Three ages, three different characters, three different destinies, which are destined to meet at the Khmeimim military base.
"Title: All Monsters Attack | Genres: fantasy, science fiction, family | Overview: Ichiro Miki is a child living in the industrial district of Kawasaki, where his parents' constant struggle to make ends meet often leaves the schoolboy alone. Constantly teased by a bully nicknamed ""Gabara"", his only friends are toy consultant Shinpei and fellow classmate Sachiko. Ichiro turns to escapist dreams of Monster Island where he befriends the equally bullied Minilla."
Title: Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: When a celebrated TV show host returns to his hometown in the South, his family is there to remind him that going home is no vacation!
"Title: Would You Rather | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: Desperate to help her ailing brother, a young woman agrees to compete in a deadly game of ""Would You Rather"", hosted by a sadistic aristocrat."
Title: The Other Man | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery, romance | Overview: The story of a husband who suspects his wife of adultery, and sets out to track down the other man in her life.
Title: Chained Heat | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Linda Blair plays Carol, a young woman who must serve 18 months in prison after driving drunk and killing a man. The prison turns out to be brimming with decadence, corruption and sleaze, where the other female inmates are sadistic crack-selling lesbian rapists and the guards and warden are no better.
Title: Fright Night | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: Charley Brewster, a high school student, accidentally discovers the true and creepy nature of Jerry Dandrige, his dashing and enigmatic new neighbor; but no one seems willing to believe him.
Title: Adventureland | Genres: comedy | Overview: In the summer of 1987, a college graduate takes a 'nowhere' job at his local amusement park, only to find it's the perfect course to get him prepared for the real world.
Title: Family Vacation | Genres: comedy | Overview: The Kellys are a bourgeois family that have fallen into hard times. Deprived of the bragging rights of their typical summer vacation at a posh Chilean beach resort town, they pretend that they are instead going to Brazil for their vacation. They feign leaving on vacation but instead spend the time locked up at home and avoiding the suspicions of a nosy neighbor.
"Title: The Boat That Rocked | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: The Boat That Rocked is an ensemble comedy, where the romance is between the young people of the 60s, and pop music. It's about a band of DJs that captivate Britain, playing the music that defines a generation and standing up to a government that wanted control of popular culture via the British Broadcasting Corporation. Loosely based on the events in Britain in the 60's when the Labour government of Harold Wilson, wanted to bring the pirate radio stations under control, enough to see the passage of the Marine Broadcasting Offences Act on 15 August 1967. Also known as ""Pirate Radio""."
Title: St. Trinian's | Genres: comedy, family, science fiction | Overview: When their beloved school is threatened with closure should the powers that be fail to raise the proper funds, the girls scheme to steal a priceless painting and use the profits to pull St. Trinian's out of the red.
Title: They Call Me Trinity | Genres: action, comedy, western | Overview: The simple story has the pair coming to the rescue of peace-loving Mormons when land-hungry Major Harriman sends his bullies to harass them into giving up their fertile valley. Trinity and Bambino manage to save the Mormons and send the bad guys packing with slapstick humor instead of excessive violence, saving the day.
Title: Gia | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Gia Carangi travels to New York City with dreams of becoming a fashion model. Within minutes of arriving, she meets Wilhelmina Cooper, a wise and high-powered agent who takes Gia under her wing. With Cooper's help and her own natural instincts, Gia quickly shoots to the top of the modeling world. When Cooper dies of lung cancer, however, Gia turns to drugs – and both she and her career begin to spiral out of control.
Title: David and Goliath | Genres: action, adventure, drama, fantasy | Overview: The big-budget, epic film on young King David who took on the mighty warrior Goliath against all odds.
Title: Let Him Go | Genres: drama, thriller, crime | Overview: Following the loss of their son, a retired sheriff and his wife leave their Montana ranch to rescue their young grandson from the clutches of a dangerous family living off the grid in the Dakotas.
Title: Mom's Friend 2 | Genres: romance | Overview: An art student named Gwang-ho gets dumped by his girlfriend because she was only his source of comfort, and that he's a Mama's boy and a premature ejaculator. He tries to avoid seeing her by going to a different academy and that's when his mother introduces him to her friend Soo-yeon, a sophisticated and intelligent looking woman. Gwang-ho falls for her. Gwang-ho's mother suddenly leaves for Australia because his father is sick and Gwang-ho gets to stay in Soo-yeon's house for a few days. Looking at her, he thinks of all the things he would like to do with her and Soo-yeon's niece Ha-kyeong stimulates him to do something about his feelings.
Title: The Visitors II: The Corridors of Time | Genres: comedy, fantasy | Overview: The sequel to The Visitors reunites us with those lovable ruffians from the French Medieval ages who - through magic - are transported into the present, with often drastic consequences. Godefroy de Montmirail travels to today to recover the missing family jewels and a sacred relic, guarantor of his wife-to-be's fertility. The confrontation between Godefroy's repellent servant Jack the Crack and his descendent, the effete Jacquart, present-day owner of the chateau, further complicates the matter.
Title: The Invisible Man | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: Working in Dr. Cranley’s laboratory, scientist Jack Griffin was always given the latitude to conduct some of his own experiments. His sudden departure, however, has Cranley’s daughter Flora worried about him. Griffin has taken a room at the nearby Lion’s Head Inn, hoping to reverse an experiment he conducted on himself that made him invisible. But the experimental drug has also warped his mind, making him aggressive and dangerous. He’s prepared to do whatever it takes to restore his appearance.
Title: The Dirt | Genres: drama, music, history | Overview: The story of Mötley Crüe and their rise from the Sunset Strip club scene of the early 1980s to superstardom.
Title: Capture the Flag | Genres: comedy, animation, adventure, family | Overview: When the brave and determined 12-year-old Mike Goldwing discovers that an eccentric billionaire plans to fly to the moon, steal its vast, valuable natural resources, and destroy the American flag planted by the Apollo XI astronauts during man's historic moon landing, the countdown to a spectacular adventure begins! Mike, teamed with his grandfather, best friends Amy and Marty, and a clever chameleon, blasts off on an incredible moon-bound mission, determined to thwart the billionaire's evil plan, capture the flag, and reunite his family.
Title: Sword of Vengeance | Genres: history | Overview: Returning to his homeland after years of slavery, a Norman prince seeks revenge on his father's murderer – his ruthless uncle, Earl Durant. Gaining the trust of a band of exiled farmers, he leads them into battle against Durant, exploiting them in his inexorable quest for vengeance. As one by one they are slaughtered in the brutal battle, will the prince sacrifice everything an everyone to fulfil his quest for blood?
"Title: Nobody's Fool | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A woman, who gets released from prison and reunites with her sister, discovers she is in an online relationship with a man who may be ""catfishing"" her."
Title: A Fairly Odd Movie: Grow Up, Timmy Turner! | Genres: family, fantasy, tv movie | Overview: The television movie is set in the city of Dimmsdale and centers on the series' main protagonist Timmy Turner with his fairy godparents Cosmo and Wanda and his fairy godbrother Poof. In the movie, Timmy is now 23 years old but is still in fifth grade with his fairy-obsessed fifth grade teacher Mr. Crocker. Despite being grown up, Timmy finds a loophole in the fairy rulebook Da Rules: if he continues to act like a kid, he will still get to keep his fairies. However, the dilemma rises when Tootie, who was once a dorky girl when she was 10 years old, returns to Dimmsdale as an attractive woman. Timmy falls in love with her, a sign that he is growing up to an adult, which means he is closer to losing his fairies. Meanwhile, an oil business tycoon named Hugh J. Magnate, Jr., who teams up with Mr. Crocker, plans to use Timmy's fairies' magic in order to promote his oil business.
Title: Assassin's Creed: Embers | Genres: animation | Overview: Taking place after the events of Assassin's Creed: Revelations in the year 1524 in Tuscany, follow the retired Assassin Ezio Auditore as he teams up with Shao Jun during his final battles.
Title: Anna and the Apocalypse | Genres: horror, comedy, fantasy | Overview: A zombie apocalypse threatens the sleepy town of Little Haven – at Christmas – forcing Anna and her friends to fight, slash and sing their way to survival, facing the undead in a desperate race to reach their loved ones. But they soon discover that no one is safe in this new world, and with civilization falling apart around them, the only people they can truly rely on are each other.
Title: Into the Sun | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: After the assassination of Tokyo's Governor by Yakuza members, the CIA bureau chief (William Atherton) for Tokyo puts out a call to an agent (Steven Seagal) that had been raised in Japan and trained by ex-Yakuza. Using his former ties, he quickly determines that a war is brewing between old-guard Yakuza members and a young, crazed leader (Takao Osawa) with ties to the Chinese Tong.
Title: Flyboys | Genres: action, adventure, drama, history, romance, war | Overview: The adventures of the Lafayette Escadrille, young Americans who volunteered for the French military before the U.S. entered World War I, and became the country's first fighter pilots.
Title: Overrun | Genres: action | Overview: Former military extraction specialist Marcus Lombardi, whose only chance of saving his informant sister and their family is to track down a mysterious briefcase.
Title: Jack | Genres: family, comedy, drama | Overview: Jack Powell suffers from an affliction that makes him grow four times faster than normal, so the 10-year-old looks like a 40-year-old man. After years of being tutored at home, Jack convinces his overprotective parents to send him to public school. The children don't know what to make of Jack, but with the help of his fifth-grade teacher, he makes an effort to win them over.
Title: Ferdinand the Bull | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: This Oscar-winning short tells of a bull who preferred to sit under trees and smell flowers to clashing horns with his fellow animals. As luck would have it, an untimely bee reveals Ferdinand's ferocious side via pained howls and wild stomping. This lands him in the bull-fighting arena amidst characters based on Walt's animators with a matador reportedly modeled after Walt himself.
Title: Demolition | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: An emotionally desperate investment banker finds hope through a woman he meets.
Title: Crocodile | Genres: horror, action, thriller | Overview: A group of friends including Brady Turner, Claire and Duncan McKay go out on a boat trip on a lake in Southern California, but their joyful weekend turns into horror, when a giant killer crocodile searching for its stolen eggs, picks off anyone who gets in its way. Can they all escape in one piece or will they slowly and painfully fall to the mammoth reptile.
Title: Street Kings | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Tom Ludlow is a disillusioned L.A. Police Officer, rarely playing by the rules and haunted by the death of his wife. When evidence implicates him in the execution of a fellow officer, he is forced to go up against the cop culture he's been a part of his entire career, ultimately leading him to question the loyalties of everyone around him.
Title: Friend Request | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Enjoying college life as a popular student, Laura shares everything with her more than 800 friends on Facebook. But one day, after accepting a friend request from a social outcast named Marina, Laura’s life is cursed...
Title: Antigang | Genres: action, drama | Overview: As a rowdy team of detectives clashes with their disciplined new boss, they must catch a vicious band of robbers who are wreaking havoc on their city.
Title: My Girl 2 | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Vada Sultenfuss has a holiday coming up, and an assignment: to do and essay on someone she admires and has never met. She decides she wants to do an assignment on her mother, but quickly realises she knows very little about her. She manages to get her father to agree to let her go to LA to stay with her Uncle Phil and do some research on her mother.
Title: Boy Erased | Genres: drama | Overview: Jared, the son of a Baptist pastor in a small American town, is outed to his parents at age 19. Jared is faced with an ultimatum: attend a gay conversion therapy program – or be permanently exiled and shunned by his family, friends, and faith.
Title: The Mistress of Spices | Genres: drama, romance, fantasy | Overview: Tilo is an Indian shopkeeper in America with an ability to see the future and a magical connection to powerful spices, which she uses to help her customers satisfy their various needs and desires. One day she falls in love with an American man. But the spices forbid it.
Title: Mockingbird | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A couple are given a camera and a set of instructions which they must follow or else someone will die.
Title: Chappaquiddick | Genres: history, drama, thriller | Overview: Ted Kennedy's life and political career become derailed in the aftermath of a fatal car accident in 1969 that claims the life of a young campaign strategist, Mary Jo Kopechne.
Title: Charm City Kings | Genres: drama | Overview: Mouse desperately wants to join The Midnight Clique, the infamous Baltimore dirt bike riders who rule the summertime streets. When Midnight’s leader, Blax, takes 14-year-old Mouse under his wing, Mouse soon finds himself torn between the straight-and-narrow and a road filled with fast money and violence.
Title: The Opposite Sex | Genres: comedy | Overview: The story of Vince, New England's most successful divorce attorney. To Vince, life is one big competition, and losing is unacceptable. This also applies in his dating life with his love 'em and leave 'em approach. Then Vince meets Jane, who is beautiful, successful and also extremely driven. Together they enter into a series of entertaining wagers with each other where the winner gets to decide the fate of the loser.
Title: Umma | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: Amanda and her daughter live a quiet life on an American farm, but when the remains of her estranged mother arrive from Korea, Amanda becomes haunted by the fear of turning into her own mother.
Title: The Snow Queen: Mirror Lands | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: A mighty king has lost his family because of the Snow Queen. He finds a way to expel all magic creatures from his world to Mirrorlands. Gerda and Snow Queen, along with all wizards and magicians, have to forget their offenses and disputes to defend their right to exist and not to allow fairytales to disappear from our lives.
Title: The Brothers Bloom | Genres: adventure, comedy, drama, romance | Overview: The Brothers Bloom are the best con men in the world, swindling millionaires with complex scenarios of lust and intrigue. Now they've decided to take on one last job – showing a beautiful and eccentric heiress the time of her life with a romantic adventure that takes them around the world.
"Title: Shakespeare in Love | Genres: romance, history, comedy | Overview: Young Shakespeare is forced to stage his latest comedy, ""Romeo and Ethel, the Pirate's Daughter,"" before it's even written. When a lovely noblewoman auditions for a role, they fall into forbidden love -- and his play finds a new life (and title). As their relationship progresses, Shakespeare's comedy soon transforms into tragedy."
Title: Deck the Halls | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Determined to unseat Steve Finch's reign as the town's holiday season king, Buddy Hall plasters his house with so many decorative lights that it'll be visible from space! When their wives bond, and their kids follow suit, the two men only escalate their rivalry - and their decorating.
Title: Murder She Said | Genres: comedy, crime, drama, mystery | Overview: Miss Marple believes she's seen a murder in a passing-by train, yet when the police find no evidence she decides to investigate it on her own.
Title: Hubie Halloween | Genres: comedy, mystery, horror | Overview: Hubie Dubois, despite his devotion to his hometown of Salem, Massachusetts (and its legendary Halloween celebration), is a figure of mockery for kids and adults alike. But this year, something really is going bump in the night, and it’s up to Hubie to save Halloween.
"Title: Wayne's World | Genres: comedy, music | Overview: The adventures of two amiably aimless metal-head friends, Wayne and Garth. From Wayne's basement, the pair broadcast a talk-show called ""Wayne's World"" on local public access television. The show comes to the attention of a sleazy network executive who wants to produce a big-budget version of ""Wayne's World""—and he also wants Wayne's girlfriend, a rock singer named Cassandra. Wayne and Garth have to battle the executive not only to save their show, but also Cassandra."
Title: The Fearless Vampire Killers | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: A noted professor and his dim-witted apprentice fall prey to their inquiring vampires, while on the trail of the ominous damsel in distress.
Title: The Red Thread | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Seven years after their first infatuated encounter, Abril and Manuel meet again. Despite the fact that they are both married, it is soon apparent that their attraction has only grown.
Title: Crash | Genres: drama | Overview: In post-Sept. 11 Los Angeles, tensions erupt when the lives of a Brentwood housewife, her district attorney husband, a Persian shopkeeper, two cops, a pair of carjackers and a Korean couple converge during a 36-hour period.
Title: Psycho II | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: After years of treatment at a mental institution for the criminally insane, serial killer Norman Bates is finally released. Deciding to move back into his long-dead mother's infamous old house, he soon finds himself tormented by 'her' demands and begins to question his own sanity.
Title: The Last Warrior | Genres: action, drama, fantasy, history, adventure | Overview: A new era is about to begin in Eastern Europe. Scythians, the proud warriors, are all but gone and most of the few remaining descendants have become ruthless mercenary assassins. Lutobor, a warrior who becomes involved in intertribal conflicts, sets off on a perilous journey to save his family guided by a captive Scythian.
Title: Dog Day Afternoon | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Based on the true story of would-be Brooklyn bank robbers John Wojtowicz and Salvatore Naturale. Sonny and Sal attempt a bank heist which quickly turns sour and escalates into a hostage situation and stand-off with the police. As Sonny's motives for the robbery are slowly revealed and things become more complicated, the heist turns into a media circus.
Title: I'm No Longer Here | Genres: drama | Overview: In Monterrey, Mexico, a young street gang spends their days dancing to slowed-down cumbia and attending parties. After a mix-up with a local cartel, their leader is forced to migrate to the U.S. but quickly longs to return home.
Title: Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania | Genres: adventure, science fiction, comedy | Overview: The third film in the Marvel Studios' Ant-Man trilogy.
Title: Honey, We Shrunk Ourselves | Genres: adventure, comedy, family, science fiction, action | Overview: The joke's on absent-minded scientist Wayne Szalinski when his troublesome invention shrinks him, his brother and their wives so effectively that their children think they've completely disappeared. Of course, this gives the kids free rein to do anything they want, unaware that their parents are watching every move.
Title: Crows Are White | Genres: documentary | Overview: For over a thousand years, a secretive Buddhist sect has lived on an isolated monastery in Japan performing acts of extreme physical endurance in their pursuit of enlightenment. A filmmaker, struggling to reconcile his desires with his faith, sets off to the strict monastery in search of answers. When he arrives, his presence is not welcomed and the only monk who will speak with him is an outcast who prefers ice cream and Slayer to meditation. Together they forge an unlikely friendship that leads them to higher truths and occasionally, a little trouble. Shot over five years on three continents, Crows are White is an exploration of truth, faith and love, from the top of a mountain to the bottom of a sundae.
Title: French Kiss | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: After her fiancee admits to infidelity while on a business trip in France, a woman attempts to get her lover back and marry him by traveling to Paris despite her crippling fear of flying. On the way she unwittingly smuggles something of value that has a charming crook chasing her across France as she chases after her future husband.
Title: The Courier | Genres: action, crime | Overview: A shady FBI agent recruits a courier to deliver a mysterious package to a vengeful master criminal who has recently resurfaced with a diabolical plan.
Title: Romeo and Juliet | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Director Franco Zeffirelli's beloved version of one of the most well-known love stories in the English language. Romeo Montague and Juliet Capulet fall in love against the wishes of their feuding families. Driven by their passion, the young lovers defy their destiny and elope, only to suffer the ultimate tragedy.
Title: Unaccompanied Minors | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Five disparate kids snowed in at the airport on Christmas Eve learn some lessons about friendship when they launch a bid to get back to their families and outsmart a disgruntled airport official who wants to keep them grounded.
Title: Analyze That | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: The mafia's Paul Vitti is back in prison and will need some serious counseling when he gets out. Naturally, he returns to his analyst Dr. Ben Sobel for help and finds that Sobel needs some serious help himself as he has inherited the family practice, as well as an excess stock of stress.
Title: Streets of Fire | Genres: action | Overview: Raven Shaddock and his gang of merciless biker friends kidnap rock singer Ellen Aim. Ellen's former lover, soldier-for-hire Tom Cody, happens to be passing through town on a visit. In an attempt to save his star act, Ellen's manager hires Tom to rescue her. Along with a former soldier, they battle through dangerous cityscapes, determined to get Ellen back.
Title: Inside Llewyn Davis | Genres: drama, music | Overview: In Greenwich Village in the early 1960s, gifted but volatile folk musician Llewyn Davis struggles with money, relationships, and his uncertain future following the suicide of his singing partner.
Title: Manhattan Night | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Porter Wren is a Manhattan tabloid writer with an appetite for scandal. On the beat he sells murder, tragedy, and anything that passes for the truth. At home, he is a dedicated husband and father. But when Caroline, a seductive stranger asks him to dig into the unsolved murder of her filmmaker husband Simon, he is drawn into a very nasty case of sexual obsession and blackmail--one that threatens his job, his marriage, and his life.
Title: Inconceivable | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: A mother looks to escape her abusive past by moving to a new town where she befriends another mother, who grows suspicious of her.
Title: It Could Happen to You | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Charlie Lang is a simple, kindhearted New York City cop. When he realizes he has no money to tip waitress Yvonne Biasi, Lang offers her half the winnings of his lottery ticket. Amazingly, the ticket happens to be a winner, in the sum of $4 million. True to his word, Lang proceeds to share the prize money with Biasi, which infuriates his greedy wife, Muriel. Not content with the arrangement, Muriel begins scheming to take all the money.
Title: Where'd You Go, Bernadette | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: When architect-turned-recluse Bernadette Fox goes missing prior to a family trip to Antarctica, her 15-year-old daughter Bee goes on a quest with Bernadette's husband to find her.
Title: Interstella 5555: The 5tory of the 5ecret 5tar 5ystem | Genres: animation, science fiction, music, adventure | Overview: Four talented alien musicians are kidnapped by a record producer who disguises them as humans. Shep, a space pilot in love with bass player Stella, follows them to Earth. Reprogrammed to forget their real identities and renamed The Crescendolls, the group quickly becomes a huge success playing soulless corporate pop. At a concert, Shep manages to free all the musicians except Stella, and the band sets out to rediscover who they really are -- and to rescue Stella.
Title: The Apartment | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Bud Baxter is a minor clerk in a huge New York insurance company, until he discovers a quick way to climb the corporate ladder. He lends out his apartment to the executives as a place to take their mistresses. Although he often has to deal with the aftermath of their visits, one night he's left with a major problem to solve.
Title: McFarland, USA | Genres: drama, family | Overview: A track coach in a small California town transforms a team of athletes into championship contenders.
Title: Witness for the Prosecution | Genres: drama, mystery, crime | Overview: When Leonard Vole is arrested for the sensational murder of a rich, middle-aged widow, the famous Sir Wilfrid Robarts agrees to appear on his behalf. Sir Wilfrid, recovering from a near-fatal heart attack, is supposed to be on a diet of bland, civil suits—but the lure of the criminal courts is too much for him, especially when the case is so difficult.
Title: Tokyo Story | Genres: drama | Overview: The elderly Shukishi and his wife, Tomi, take the long journey from their small seaside village to visit their adult children in Tokyo. Their elder son, Koichi, a doctor, and their daughter, Shige, a hairdresser, don't have much time to spend with their aged parents, and so it falls to Noriko, the widow of their younger son who was killed in the war, to keep her in-laws company.
Title: Joint Security Area | Genres: war, drama, thriller, action | Overview: After a shooting incident at the North/South Korean border/DMZ leaves 2 North Korean soldiers dead, a neutral Swiss/Swedish team investigates, what actually happened.
Title: The Ghost and the Darkness | Genres: adventure, horror | Overview: Sir Robert Beaumont is behind schedule on a railroad in Africa. Enlisting noted engineer John Henry Patterson to right the ship, Beaumont expects results. Everything seems great until the crew discovers the mutilated corpse of the project's foreman, seemingly killed by a lion. After several more attacks, Patterson calls in famed hunter Charles Remington, who has finally met his match in the bloodthirsty lions.
Title: Sweet November | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Nelson is a man devoted to his advertising career in San Francisco. One day, while taking a driving test at the DMV, he meets Sara. She is very different from the other women in his life. Nelson causes her to miss out on taking the test and later that day she tracks him down. One thing leads to another and Nelson ends up living with her through a November that will change his life forever.
Title: Loving Vincent | Genres: animation, drama, mystery, history | Overview: A young man comes to the last hometown of painter Vincent van Gogh to deliver the troubled artist's final letter and ends up investigating his final days there.
Title: Best Sellers | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A cranky, retired author reluctantly embarks on a final book tour to help out a young publisher.
Title: Field of Dreams | Genres: drama, fantasy | Overview: Ray Kinsella is an Iowa farmer who hears a mysterious voice telling him to turn his cornfield into a baseball diamond. He does, but the voice's directions don't stop -- even after the spirits of deceased ballplayers turn up to play.
Title: The Raffle | Genres: drama | Overview: Francesca, an incredibly beautiful woman, after the death of her husband discovers his unfaithfulness and huge amount of debts he left. Cesare is Francesca's best friend, he is a solicitor. Following his advice Francesca starts selling all her goods, like the house, jewels, furs and finally also the yacht. By doing this she is able to survive for the rest of the year, but has no prospects for the future and every attempt to get a job fails. Finally she makes a decision to set up a lottery in which the prize is her.
Title: Three Days of the Condor | Genres: thriller, mystery, adventure | Overview: A bookish CIA researcher finds all his co-workers dead, and must outwit those responsible until he figures out who he can really trust.
Title: Tag | Genres: thriller, comedy, action | Overview: Female high school students, including Mitsuko, Keiko and Izumi, become the targets of ghosts with various appearances including a groom with a pig's face and female teacher with a machine gun.
Title: Dark Water | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: A woman in the midst of an unpleasant divorce moves to an eerie apartment building with her young daughter. The ceiling of their apartment has a dark and active leak.
Title: Redbad | Genres: adventure, history, war, drama | Overview: In the year of 754 AD, during a time of epic battles and bloodshed, the legend of the pagan warrior king, Rebad, is born, but so is a new weapon against his people: Christianity. Redbad must ultimately unite a Viking army powerful enough to defeat the seemingly invincible Franks.
Title: Archive | Genres: science fiction, drama, fantasy, thriller | Overview: 2038: George Almore is working on a true human-equivalent AI, and his latest prototype is almost ready. This sensitive phase is also the riskiest as he has a goal that must be hidden at all costs—being reunited with his dead wife.
Title: Resident Evil: Keeper's Diary | Genres: horror | Overview: A researcher in Umbrella labs leaves behind a disturbing video diary.
Title: The Right Stuff | Genres: drama, history | Overview: A chronicle of the original Mercury astronauts in the formation of America's space program: Alan Shepherd, the first American in space; Gus Grissom, the benighted astronaut for whom nothing works out as planned; John Glenn, the straight-arrow 'boy scout' of the bunch who was the first American to orbit the earth; and the remaining pilots: Deke Slayton, Scott Carpenter, Wally Schirra, and Gordon Cooper.
Title: A Night to Remember | Genres: drama, action, history | Overview: The sinking of the Titanic is presented in a highly realistic fashion in this tense British drama. The disaster is portrayed largely from the perspective of the ocean liner's second officer, Charles Lightoller. Despite numerous warnings about ice, the ship sails on, with Capt. Edward John Smith keeping it going at a steady clip. When the doomed vessel finally hits an iceberg, the crew and passengers discover that they lack enough lifeboats, and tragedy follows.
"Title: Killshot | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Beautiful Carmen Colson and her ironworker husband Wayne are placed in the Federal Witness Protection program after witnessing an ""incident"". Thinking they are at last safe, they are targeted by an experienced hit man and a psychopathic young upstart killer."
Title: Lake Placid 2 | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: Man-eating crocodiles return to the lake as two males and one aggressive female crocodile, which is protecting her nest, wreak havoc on the locals.
Title: Shiva Baby | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: College student Danielle must cover her tracks when she unexpectedly runs into her sugar daddy at a shiva - with her parents, ex-girlfriend and family friends also in attendance.
Title: A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: It's been many years since Freddy Krueger's first victim, Nancy, came face-to-face with Freddy and his sadistic, evil ways. Now, Nancy's all grown up; she's put her frightening nightmares behind her and is helping teens cope with their dreams. Too bad Freddy's decided to herald his return by invading the kids' dreams and scaring them into committing suicide.
Title: Bad Cat | Genres: comedy, animation, action | Overview: A foul-mouthed cat and its gang cross paths with humans.
Title: Cold Prey | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: Eirik and his girlfriend, Jannicke, join newly coupled Mikael and Ingunn, along with single wisecracker Morten, on a snowboarding excursion to a remote mountainous region in Norway. When Morten breaks his leg, however, and requires medical attention, the friends take shelter in an abandoned nearby ski lodge. Little do they know it also harbours a psychopathic killer.
Title: A Fantastic Woman | Genres: drama | Overview: Marina's life is thrown into turmoil following the death of her partner. Mourning the loss of the man she loved, she finds herself under intense scrutiny from those with no regard for her privacy.
Title: Naked Killer | Genres: action, crime, romance | Overview: A young woman is trained by a martial arts specialist to become a professional assassin.
Title: Shark Bait | Genres: animation, family | Overview: After losing everything, a young fish, Pi, goes to live with his family on the Reef. There he meets the love of his life but finds that she already has the unwanted affections of a bully shark. He must follow his destiny to save her and rid the Reef of this menace for good.
Title: Meatballs | Genres: comedy | Overview: Tripper is the head counselor at a budget summer camp called Camp Northstar. In truth, he's young at heart and only marginally more mature than the campers themselves. Tripper befriends Rudy, a loner camper who has trouble fitting in. As Tripper inspires his young charges to defeat rival Camp Mohawk in the annual Olympiad competition, Rudy plays matchmaker between Tripper and Roxanne, a female counselor at Northstar.
Title: For Whom the Bell Tolls | Genres: drama, history, romance, thriller, adventure, war | Overview: Spain in the 1930s is the place to be for a man of action like Robert Jordan. There is a civil war going on and Jordan—who has joined up on the side that appeals most to idealists of that era—has been given a high-risk assignment up in the mountains. He awaits the right time to blow up a crucial bridge in order to halt the enemy's progress
Title: When We First Met | Genres: comedy, romance, fantasy | Overview: Noah spends the perfect first night with the girl of his dreams Avery but gets relegated to the friend zone. He spends the next three years wondering what went wrong - until he gets the unexpected chance to travel back in time and alter that night, and his fate, over and over again.
Title: Jakarta, City of Dreamers | Genres: drama | Overview: About young boy DOM 23th , is trying everything to achieve his dream as an actor but Dom uses his acting skill to drugs courier
Title: Santa Buddies | Genres: family, adventure | Overview: When Puppy Paws, the fun-loving son of Santa Paws, gets bored, he finds Budderball on Santa's naughty list and figures he's just the dog to show him how to be an ordinary pup. When the magical Christmas Icicle starts to melt however, and the world begins to forget the true meaning of the season, it's up to Puppy Paws and his newfound Buddies to journey back to the North Pole and save Christmas.
Title: Letters from Iwo Jima | Genres: action, drama, war | Overview: The story of the battle of Iwo Jima between the United States and Imperial Japan during World War II, as told from the perspective of the Japanese who fought it.
Title: Cucuy: The Boogeyman | Genres: thriller | Overview: When children start disappearing, a rebellious teen under house arrest starts to suspect that a legendary evil, a boogeyman known as the Cucuy, might be responsible.
Title: Sex Pot | Genres: comedy | Overview: “Half Baked” meets “Superbad” in this hilarious comedy following two young losers whose lives are unexpectedly turned upside down when they find some marijuana that has aphrodisiacal side effects. After deciding to use the wacky weed to their advantage, the guys meet an array of pot-loving beauties.
Title: Secretariat | Genres: drama | Overview: Housewife and mother Penny Chenery agrees to take over her ailing father's Virginia-based Meadow Stables, despite her lack of horse-racing knowledge. Against all odds, Chenery - with the help of veteran trainer Lucien Laurin - manages to navigate the male-dominated business, ultimately fostering the first Triple Crown winner in 25 years.
Title: Chronicles of the Ghostly Tribe | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: In 1979, a young soldier is working in China's snowcapped mountains when an explosion reveals bizarre fossils hidden deep in the mountain caverns. What they discover next will change his life and human history forever.
Title: Dr. Dolittle 3 | Genres: comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: Lisa Dolittle sends her daughter to 'Durango', a Dude Ranch, to find herself. While there, she uses her talent to talk to the animals in order to save Durango from being taken over by a neighboring Ranch.
Title: Hulk vs. Thor | Genres: action, animation, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: For ages, Odin has protected his kingdom of Asgard. But every winter, the All-Father must rest and regain his strength for one week. During this time, all of Asgard's foes (including trolls, giants, dark elves, and demons) try to claim the realm for their own, but they are always stopped by Odin's son, the mighty Thor, albeit with the loss of many brave Asgardian warriors. Loki, god of mischief, has kidnapped Dr. Bruce Banner and brought him to Asgard with the help of Amora, once Thor's lover, now the supervillain known as the Enchantress. Loki makes Banner angry and he changes into the Hulk. The Enchantress then casts a spell over the Hulk which separates Banner from his monstrous alter-ego and grants Loki control over the Hulk's body.
Title: Take the Lead | Genres: comedy, music, drama | Overview: A former professional dancer volunteers to teach dance in the New York public school system and, while his background first clashes with his students' tastes, together they create a completely new style of dance. Based on the story of ballroom dancer, Pierre Dulane.
Title: The Message | Genres: adventure, drama, action, history | Overview: Handsomely-mounted historical epic concerns the birth of the Islamic faith and the story of the prophet Mohammed.
Title: Cabin Fever 2: Spring Fever | Genres: horror | Overview: A high school prom faces a deadly threat: a flesh-eating virus that spreads via a popular brand of bottled water.
Title: Kill Me Three Times | Genres: comedy, thriller, mystery | Overview: While on a seemingly routine job, a jaded hit man discovers that he's not the only one with his target in the crosshairs.
"Title: Raped by an Angel 4: The Rapist's Union | Genres: thriller | Overview: CIA agent turned HIV positive sexual predator Daniel (Ben Ng) uses his wealth and collection of high-tech gadgets to prey on unsuspecting women. After arranging for the prison breakout of notorious rapists ""Rain Killer"" Chan Kok-Wan (Ankee Leung) and ""Tuen Mun Rapist"" Ko Sheung-wai ( Chan Chi-Fai), Daniel invites the men to ravage the two women he has chained in the basement. He next sets his sights on Kwan Shi-han (Suki Kwan), the romance novelist next door, but, first, preys on her movie star friend, Icy (Yeung Fan). Desperate for a lead, the police consult a semi-reformed deviant known as ""The Human Milk Drinking Doctor"" (Anthony Wong), who used to prey on lactating women and now controls his sexual urges by working as a porno theatre projectionist."
Title: Fright Night | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: A teenager suspects his new neighbour is a vampire. Unable to convince anyone, he tries to enlist the help of a self-proclaimed vampire hunter and magician in this remake of the 1985 comedy-horror classic.
Title: Poetic Justice | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: In this film, we see the world through the eyes of main character Justice, a young African-American poet. A mail carrier invites a few friends along for a long overnight delivery run.
Title: Backstabbing for Beginners | Genres: thriller, drama, history | Overview: An idealistic young employee at the U.N. investigates the grizzly murder of his predecessor – and uncovers a vast global conspiracy that may involve his own boss.
Title: The Covenant | Genres: fantasy, horror | Overview: Four young men who belong to a supernatural legacy are forced to battle a fifth power long thought to have died out. Another great force they must contend with is the jealousy and suspicion that threatens to tear them apart.
Title: Expelled | Genres: comedy | Overview: Felix (Cameron Dallas) is a legendary prankster who gets expelled from his high school and, with his friend’s help, stops at nothing to hide it from his parents.
Title: Roman J. Israel, Esq. | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: Hard-nosed liberal lawyer Roman J. Israel has been fighting the good fight forever while others take the credit. When his partner – the firm's frontman – has a heart attack, Israel suddenly takes on that role. He soon discovers some unsettling truths about the firm – truths that conflict with his values of helping the poor and dispossessed – and finds himself in an existential crisis that leads to extreme actions.
Title: Falling Inn Love | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: When a San Francisco exec wins a New Zealand inn, she ditches city life to remodel and flip the rustic property with help from a handsome contractor.
Title: Behind the Curve | Genres: documentary | Overview: Meet the growing, worldwide community of theorists who defend the belief that the Earth is flat while living in a society who vehemently rejects it.
Title: Inventing the Abbotts | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In the 1950s, brothers Jacey and Doug Holt, who come from the poorer side of their sleepy Midwestern town, vie for the affections of the wealthy, lovely Abbott sisters. Lady-killer Jacey alternates between Eleanor and Alice, wanting simply to break the hearts of rich young women. But sensitive Doug has a real romance with Pamela, which Jacey and the Abbott patriarch, Lloyd, both frown upon.
"Title: Confessions of a Brazilian Call Girl | Genres: drama | Overview: Rachel is a girl, adopted by an upper middle class family, who rebelled at 17 and left her family and studies at a traditional college in Sao Paulo to become a call girl. Shortly after starting work, she decided to write a blog about her experiences. Since some clients thought she looked like a surfer she adopted the name ""Surfistinha"" which means little surfer girl."
Title: Chaplin | Genres: drama | Overview: An elderly Charlie Chaplin discusses his autobiography with his editor, recounting his amazing journey from his poverty-stricken childhood to world-wide success after the ingenious invention of the Little Tramp.
Title: Urban Legends: Bloody Mary | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: On a prom-night dare, a trio of high school friends chant an incantation, unleashing an evil spirit from the past with deadly consequences.
Title: The Legend of Bagger Vance | Genres: drama, fantasy | Overview: World War I has left golfer Rannulph Junuh a poker-playing alcoholic, his perfect swing gone. Now, however, he needs to get it back to play in a tournament to save the financially ravaged golf course of a long-ago sweetheart. Help arrives in the form of mysterious caddy Bagger Vance.
Title: Stalked by My Neighbor | Genres: crime, thriller, tv movie | Overview: A girl and her mother escape to suburban safety after a home invasion scares them out of the city, but they're soon menaced by a sinister figure.
Title: Geek Charming | Genres: comedy, drama, family, tv movie | Overview: Film geek Josh is looking for the subject of his new documentary when a chance meeting puts the perfect star in his sights—Dylan, his school's most popular junior. But Dylan's hopes of using the film to become Blossom Queen don't quite match with Josh's goal to make a hard-hitting exposé about popularity. Will Josh shoot the film as planned, or show Dylan as the truly interesting person she is?
Title: Dragon Ball: Goku's Fire Brigade | Genres: animation | Overview: Goku's Fire Brigade is a ten-minute public service video about fire safety, which aired in Japan in June 1988. This video features the main Dragon Ball characters having jobs as firefighters and Bulma living in a new apartment with Scratch.
Title: Flubber | Genres: comedy, family, science fiction | Overview: Professor Phillip Brainard, an absent minded professor, works with his assistant Weebo, trying to create a substance that's a new source of energy and that will save Medfield College where his sweetheart Sara is the president. He has missed his wedding twice, and on the afternoon of his third wedding, Professor Brainard creates flubber, which allows objects to fly through the air.
Title: Drake & Josh Go Hollywood | Genres: tv movie, family, comedy, adventure, crime, drama, music | Overview: When Drake and Josh accidentally send their little sister Megan on a plane to L.A., they soon find themselves in the middle of a dangerous situation.
Title: Hold the Dark | Genres: thriller, mystery, crime | Overview: In the grim Alaskan winter, a naturalist hunts for wolves blamed for killing a local boy, but he soon finds himself swept into a chilling mystery.
"Title: Gomorrah | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: An inside look at Italy's modern-day crime families, the Camorra in Naples and Caserta. Based on a book by Roberto Saviano. Power, money and blood: these are the ""values"" that the residents of the Province of Naples and Caserta have to face every day. They hardly ever have a choice and are forced to obey the rules of the Camorra. Only a lucky few can even think of leading a normal life."
Title: Rogue | Genres: action, horror, thriller | Overview: From the director of Wolf Creek comes this terrifying look at nature's perfect killing machine. When a group of tourists stumble into the remote Australian river territory of an enormous crocodile, the deadly creature traps them on a tiny mud island with the tide quickly rising and darkness descending. As the hungry predator closes in, they must fight for survival against all odds.
Title: Fear | Genres: thriller | Overview: Nicole Walker always dreamed of being swept away by someone special — someone strong, sexy and sensitive who would care for her more than anything else in the world. David is all that and more: a modern-day knight who charms and seduces her, body and soul. But her perfect boyfriend is not all he seems to be. His sweet facade masks a savage, dark side that will soon transform Nicole's dream into a nightmare.
Title: City Lights | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: In this sound-era silent film, a tramp falls in love with a beautiful blind flower seller.
Title: The Rocky Horror Picture Show: Let's Do the Time Warp Again | Genres: horror, tv movie, comedy, music, thriller, science fiction | Overview: A straitlaced, square couple, seeking shelter from a storm, find themselves in the castle of a transsexual alien mad scientist intent on creating a buff bodybuilder.
Title: Snow Falling on Cedars | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In the 1950s, a Japanese-American fisherman is suspected of killing his neighbour at sea — and race is a factor in the trial. So is reporter, Ishmael.
Title: Color of Night | Genres: romance, thriller, drama | Overview: When New York psychiatrist Bill Capa visits Los Angeles to take over his murdered colleague's therapy group, he finds himself embroiled in the thick of a mystery when he bumps into Rose and begins a torrid affair.
Title: Stranger Things | Genres: drama | Overview: Oona, a recent graduate in anthropology, has returned to her dead mother’s seaside cottage in southern England to prepare it for sale. Her arrival disturbs Mani, a wary vagrant who has been squatting on the property.
Title: Now Is Good | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A girl dying of leukemia compiles a list of things she'd like to do before passing away. Topping the list is her desire to lose her virginity.
Title: Reign of Assassins | Genres: drama, action, thriller, history | Overview: Set in ancient China, Zeng Jing is a skilled assassin who finds herself in possession of a mystical Buddhist monk's remains. She begins a quest to return the remains to its rightful resting place, and thus places herself in mortal danger because a team of assassins is in a deadly pursuit to possess the remains which holds an ancient power-wielding secret.
Title: The Magic Roundabout | Genres: animation, family | Overview: A shaggy, candy-loving puppy named Dougal along with a group of friends embarks on a dangerous journey in an effort to imprison their oppressor -- the evil ice sorcerer ZeeBad (Zebedee's evil twin). As the world is placed in mortal danger Zeebad who wants to turn the world to ice. Doogal and his friends must recover 3 diamonds that are needed to stop him.
Title: Rent | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: This rock opera tells the story of one year in the life of a group of bohemians struggling in late 1980s East Village, New York, USA. The film centers around Mark and Roger, two roommates. While a tragedy has made Roger numb to new experiences, Mark begins capturing their world through his attempts to make a personal movie. In the year that follows, they and their friends deal with love, loss, and working together.
Title: The Story of My Wife | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A sea captain makes a bet in a cafe with a friend that he will marry the first woman who walks in.
Title: Brotherhood of Blades II: The Infernal Battlefield | Genres: romance, action, drama, history | Overview: An imperial guard searches for the truth behind a conspiracy that framed him and his partners. The proof of his innocence lies with a wanted woman named Bei Zhai... but will she reveal what she knows? In this intense prequel to BROTHERHOOD OF BLADES, the only thing he can truly trust is his sword.
Title: Kamikaze Girls | Genres: comedy | Overview: Momoko is an ordinary girl, living an ordinary life. Ordinary, that is, if you define ordinary as wearing elaborate lolita dresses from the Rococo period in 18th Century France. However, when punk girl and self-styled 'Yanki' Ichiko comes calling, her days as 'ordinary' are most certainly numbered...
Title: The Boss | Genres: comedy | Overview: A titan of industry is sent to prison after she's caught for insider trading. When she emerges ready to rebrand herself as America's latest sweetheart, not everyone she screwed over is so quick to forgive and forget.
Title: Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down! | Genres: comedy, crime, drama, romance | Overview: Recently released from a mental hospital, Ricky ties up Marina, a film star he once had sex with and keeps her hostage.
Title: Flower | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Rebellious, quick-witted Erica Vandross is a 17-year-old firecracker living with her single mom, Laurie, and her mom's new boyfriend, Bob, in L.A.'s San Fernando Valley. When Bob's mentally unbalanced son, Luke, arrives from rehab to live with the family, Erica finds her domestic and personal life overwhelmed. With Luke and her sidekicks Kala and Claudine in tow, Erica acts out by exposing a high school teacher's dark secret.
Title: Colorful | Genres: animation, drama, family | Overview: Upon reaching the train station to death, a dejected soul is informed that he is lucky and will have another chance at life. He is placed in the body of a 14-year-old boy named Kobayashi Makoto, who has just committed suicide. Watched over by a neutral spirit named Purapura, the soul must figure out what his greatest sin and mistake in his former life was, before his time limit in Makoto's body runs out. He also has a number of other lesser duties he must complete, such as understanding what led Makoto to commit suicide in the first place and learning how to enjoy his second chance at life.
Title: Ploey: You Never Fly Alone | Genres: animation, family | Overview: A plover chick has not learned to fly when his family migrates in the fall. He must survive the arctic winter, vicious enemies and himself in order to be reunited with his beloved one next spring.
Title: The Rifleman of the Voroshilov Regiment | Genres: drama, action, crime | Overview: A very typical post-Soviet era storyline. A bunch of vagabonds lured an innocent teenage girl to their apartment, offered her a drink, intimidated, then gang raped her. Local cops are incapable to undertake an adequate actions against the scoundrels - prevented by the superior chief of the local police, who is the dad of one of the scumbags. The case is closed. The girl's granddad tired of an endless circumlocution decides to take revenge in his own hands.
Title: The Flyboys | Genres: adventure, action | Overview: Two boys from a small town find their courage tested when they accidentally stow away aboard an airplane owned by the mob...
Title: My Bloody Valentine | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: Twenty years ago in the sleepy mining town of Valentine Bluffs, a fatal mining disaster occurred on Valentine's Day while some of the crew was decorating for a party. The sole survivor of the accident killed the remaining crewmembers and warned the town not to celebrate Valentine's Day again. When a group of teenagers decides to defy that order, a murderous maniac in mining gear begins dispatching townsfolk in bloody and creative ways.
Title: Retribution | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: While Carlos, a banking executive, takes his two kids to school in his car, he gets a phone call telling him that there is a bomb under the seats and he must to gather a large amount of money; otherwise, his car will blow up.
Title: Banana | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: The Minions fight over a delicious banana... but is that all they want?!
Title: Night of the Living Dead | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A group of people try to survive an attack of bloodthirsty zombies while trapped in a rural Pennsylvania farmhouse.
Title: Teen Spirit | Genres: music, drama | Overview: A shy teenager living on the Isle of Wight dreams of pop stardom. With the help of an unlikely mentor, she enters a singing competition that will test her integrity, talent, and ambition.
"Title: Kiss the Girls | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller, crime | Overview: Forensic psychologist Alex Cross travels to North Carolina and teams with escaped kidnap victim Kate McTiernan to hunt down ""Casanova,"" a serial killer who abducts strong-willed women and forces them to submit to his demands. The trail leads to Los Angeles, where the duo discovers that the psychopath may not be working alone."
Title: Ghost Graduation | Genres: comedy | Overview: A teacher with paranormal abilities helps a group of ghosts graduate high school.
Title: A Man Apart | Genres: action, drama | Overview: When Vetter's wife is killed in a botched hit organized by Diablo, he seeks revenge against those responsible. But in the process, Vetter and Hicks have to fight their way up the chain to get to Diablo but it's easier said than done when all Vetter can focus on is revenge.
Title: Armed Response | Genres: action, horror, thriller | Overview: The story follows a team of highly trained operatives who find themselves trapped inside an isolated military compound.
Title: The Rainmaker | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: When Rudy Baylor, a young attorney with no clients, goes to work for a seedy ambulance chaser, he wants to help the parents of a terminally ill boy in their suit against an insurance company. But to take on corporate America, Rudy and a scrappy paralegal must open their own law firm.
Title: My Stepmother Is an Alien | Genres: comedy, science fiction | Overview: Trying to rescue her home planet from destruction, a gorgeous extraterrestrial named Celeste arrives on Earth and begins her scientific research. She woos quirky scientist Dr. Steve Mills, a widower with a young daughter. Before long, Celeste finds herself in love with Steve and her new life on Earth, where she experiences true intimacy for the first time. But when she loses sight of her mission, she begins to question where she belongs.
Title: Spooky Buddies | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Disney's irresistible talking puppies are back in an all-new movie that takes them far across town to a mysterious mansion where something very spooky is going on.
Title: Boa vs. Python | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: After an overly ambitious businessman transports an 80-foot python to the United States, the beast escapes and starts to leave behind a trail of human victims. An FBI agent and a snake specialist come up with a plot to combat the creature by pitting it against a bioengineered, 70-foot boa constrictor. It's two great snakes that snake great together!
Title: Annie Hall | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: New York comedian Alvy Singer falls in love with the ditsy Annie Hall.
Title: Barefoot in the Park | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: In this film based on a Neil Simon play, newlyweds Corie, a free spirit, and Paul Bratter, an uptight lawyer, share a sixth-floor apartment in Greenwich Village. Soon after their marriage, Corie tries to find a companion for mother, Ethel, who is now alone, and sets up Ethel with neighbor Victor. Inappropriate behavior on a double date causes conflict, and the young couple considers divorce.
Title: Accepted | Genres: comedy | Overview: A high school slacker who's rejected by every school he applies to opts to create his own institution of higher learning, the South Harmon Institute of Technology, on a rundown piece of property near his hometown.
Title: Traffic | Genres: thriller, drama, crime | Overview: An exploration of the United States of America's war on drugs from multiple perspectives. For the new head of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, the war becomes personal when he discovers his well-educated daughter is abusing cocaine within their comfortable suburban home. In Mexico, a flawed, but noble policeman agrees to testify against a powerful general in league with a cartel, and in San Diego, a drug kingpin's sheltered trophy wife must learn her husband's ruthless business after he is arrested, endangering her luxurious lifestyle.
"Title: Forbidden Planet | Genres: science fiction | Overview: Starship C57D travels to planet Altair 4 in search of the crew of spaceship ""Bellerophon,"" a scientific expedition that has been missing for 20 years, only to find themselves unwelcome by the expedition's lone survivor and warned of destruction by an invisible force if they don't turn back immediately."
Title: Candy Jar | Genres: comedy | Overview: Dueling high school debate champs who are at odds on just about everything forge ahead with ambitious plans to get into the colleges of their dreams.
Title: Red Eye | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A woman is kidnapped by a stranger on a routine flight. Threatened by the potential murder of her father, she is pulled into a plot to assist her captor in offing a politician.
Title: The 7th Voyage of Sinbad | Genres: action, adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: When a princess is shrunken by an evil wizard, Sinbad must undertake a quest to an island of monsters to cure her and prevent a war.
Title: Rurouni Kenshin: Requiem for the Ishin Patriots | Genres: animation, action, fantasy | Overview: The war against the Tokugawa Shogunate ended years ago. But there are some who are not happy with the outcome. Shigure Takimi watched his friends and family get slashed down in the name of freedom and prosperity. Now he and a band of desparate rebels have sworn to settle one final score. Only one man stands in their way: Rurouni Kenshin. Will the former assassin take up his sword to fight again? When Shigure discovers Kenshin's true identity and his fight becomes a personal vendetta, the young hero will have no choice.
Title: Futurama: Bender's Game | Genres: animation, comedy, science fiction, tv movie | Overview: When Leela is insulted by a group of space-rednecks (like regular rednecks, but in space) she enters the Planet Express ship in a demolition derby. She emerges victorious, but when she brings the damaged ship home and the Professor sees the fuel gauge, he's enraged by the hit he's going to take at the Dark Matter pump. Now the crew have to find a way to break Mom's stranglehold on starship fuel, even if they have to wade through a Lord of the Rings-inspired fantasy-land to do it!
Title: Team America: World Police | Genres: adventure, action, comedy | Overview: Team America World Police follows an international police force dedicated to maintaining global stability. Learning that dictator Kim Jong il is out to destroy the world, the team recruits Broadway star Gary Johnston to go undercover. With the help of Team America, Gary manages to uncover the plan to destroy the world. Will Team America be able to save it in time? It stars… Samuel L Jackson, Tim Robbins, Sean Penn, Michael Moore, Helen Hunt, Matt Damon, Susan Sarandon, George Clooney, Danny Glover, Ethan Hawke, Alec Baldwin… or does it?
Title: A Man Called Ove | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Despite being deposed as president of his condominium association, grumpy 59-year-old Ove continues to watch over his neighbourhood with an iron fist. When pregnant Parvaneh and her family move into the terraced house opposite Ove and she accidentally back into Ove’s mailbox, it sets off a series of unexpected changes in his life.
Title: Sunset Boulevard | Genres: drama | Overview: A hack screenwriter writes a screenplay for a former silent film star who has faded into Hollywood obscurity.
Title: The Sisters Brothers | Genres: western, drama, adventure | Overview: Oregon, 1851. Hermann Kermit Warm, a chemist and aspiring gold prospector, keeps a profitable secret that the Commodore wants to know, so he sends the Sisters brothers, two notorious assassins, to capture him on his way to California.
Title: Buffalo '66 | Genres: drama, romance, comedy | Overview: Billy is released after five years in prison. In the next moment, he kidnaps teenage student Layla and visits his parents with her, pretending she is his girlfriend and they will soon marry.
Title: Pathfinder | Genres: adventure, action | Overview: A Viking boy is left behind after his clan battles a Native American tribe. Raised within the tribe, he ultimately becomes their savior in a fight against the Norsemen.
Title: Viral | Genres: drama, horror, science fiction | Overview: Following the outbreak of a virus that wipes out the majority of the human population, a young woman documents her family's new life in quarantine and tries to protect her infected sister.
"Title: Keep Watching | Genres: thriller, horror, drama | Overview: A family imprisoned by intruders is forced to play a terrifying game of ""Kill, Or Be Killed"". As the night unfolds, the game's mysterious rules become clear, and the family realizes their nightmare is being streamed live to riveted viewers all over the world, who are compelled to KEEP WATCHING... not knowing if what they're seeing is real, or staged."
Title: After the Dark | Genres: drama, fantasy, science fiction, thriller | Overview: At an international school in Jakarta, a philosophy teacher challenges his class of twenty graduating seniors to choose which ten of them would take shelter underground and reboot the human race in the event of a nuclear apocalypse.
Title: Black Beauty | Genres: drama | Overview: Born free in the American West, Black Beauty is a horse rounded up and brought to Birtwick Stables, where she meets spirited teenager Jo Green. The two forge a bond that carries Beauty through the different chapters, challenges and adventures.
Title: David Attenborough: A Life on Our Planet | Genres: documentary | Overview: The story of life on our planet by the man who has seen more of the natural world than any other. In more than 90 years, Attenborough has visited every continent on the globe, exploring the wild places of our planet and documenting the living world in all its variety and wonder. Addressing the biggest challenges facing life on our planet, the film offers a powerful message of hope for future generations.
Title: Compartment No. 6 | Genres: drama | Overview: A young Finnish woman escapes an enigmatic love affair in Moscow by boarding a train to the arctic port of Murmansk. Forced to share the long ride and a tiny sleeping car with a larger than life Russian miner, the unexpected encounter leads the occupants of Compartment No. 6 to face major truths about human connection.
Title: Flower and Snake 4: White Uniform Rope Slave | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: A perverted dentist (and dental assistant) that likes to sleep with his patients, gets obsessed with one in particular who also happens to be a lesbian. He uses everthing he can think of to abuse this woman and her female lover. Ropes/Dental tools/Ice Buckets/Candles/ (the works) and sometimes he sets the mood with something from his classical music record collection.
Title: The Natural | Genres: drama | Overview: An unknown middle-aged batter named Roy Hobbs with a mysterious past appears out of nowhere to take a losing 1930s baseball team to the top of the league.
Title: Two Night Stand | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: After an extremely regrettable one night stand, two strangers wake up to find themselves snowed in after sleeping through a blizzard that put all of Manhattan on ice. They're now trapped together in a tiny apartment, forced to get to know each other way more than any one night stand should.
Title: Black Christmas | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: During their Christmas break, a group of sorority girls are stalked by a stranger.
Title: Fred Claus | Genres: action, comedy, drama | Overview: Fred Claus and Santa Claus have been estranged brothers for many years. Now Fred must reconcile his differences with his brother whom he believes overshadows him. When an efficiency expert assesses the workings at the North Pole and threatens to shut Santa down, Fred must help his brother to save Christmas.
Title: Christmas Inheritance | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: To inherit her father's company, socialite Ellen must first visit his small hometown, where she learns the value of hard work and helping others.
Title: Poison Ivy: The New Seduction | Genres: thriller, romance, drama | Overview: A sinister seductress vows to destroy a suburban family.
"Title: Urotsukidōji: Legend of the Overfiend | Genres: animation, action, horror, fantasy | Overview: Legend has it that the human race is not the only dominant civilization living on Earth. Two other races exist in this world: the Makai (a demon race) and the Juujinkai (a half-man, half-beast race). Once every 3,000 years, a supreme being known as the ""Choujin"" (Overfiend) will emerge and bring balance to all three realms on Earth. In present-day Japan, after 300 years of endless searching, a Jujinkai named Amano Jyaku has discovered the presence of the Choujin inside high school slacker Tatsuo Nagumo. But now, Amanoùalong with his sister Megumi and their sidekick Kurokoùmust protect Nagumo and his new girlfriend Akemi Ito from the Makai, who believe that Nagumo is not the Choujin, but an evil entity bent on destroying all living beings on Earth."
Title: Fluke | Genres: drama, adventure, family | Overview: Workaholic Thomas Johnson dies in an auto accident and comes back to life as a dog. Remembering some of who he was, he returns to his wife and son to protect them from the man who caused his accident. But, as time goes by, he remembers more of his life, and realizes he wasn't such a good husband and father.
Title: Dangerous Beauty | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Veronica is brilliant, gifted and beautiful, but the handsome aristocrat she loves, Marco Venier, cannot marry her because she is penniless and of questionable family. So Veronica's mother, Paola, teaches her to become a courtesan, one of the exotic companions favored by the richest and most powerful Venetian men. Veronica courageously uses her charms to change destiny -- and to give herself a chance at true love.
Title: Look Who's Talking | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Mollie is a single working mother who's out to find the perfect father for her child. Her baby, Mikey, prefers James, a cab driver turned babysitter who has what it takes to make them both happy. But Mollie won't even consider James. It's going to take all the tricks a baby can think of to bring them together before it's too late.
Title: Cellular | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A young man receives an emergency phone call on his cell phone from an older woman. She claims to have been kidnapped – and the kidnappers have targeted her husband and child next.
Title: The Ipcress File | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: Sly and dry intelligence agent Harry Palmer is tasked with investigating British Intelligence security, and is soon enmeshed in a world of double-dealing, kidnap and murder when he finds a traitor operating at the heart of the secret service.
Title: Under the Stars of Paris | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Christine’s life has not been easy lately. Her lonely routine is divided between free food banks distributions and wandering the streets. On a cold winter night she founds Suli, an 8-year-old Eritrean boy, sobbing in front of her shelter. Christine understands that he is lost and has been separated from his mother. Bounded by their marginal condition, they embark together on an emotional journey to find Suli’s mother in the underground world of Paris...
"Title: Porky's II: The Next Day | Genres: comedy | Overview: When the students of Angel Beach High decide to stage ""An Evening With Shakespeare,"" their efforts are threatened by Miss Balbricker, who views the works of Shakespeare as obscene. She enlists the help of Reverend Bubba Flavel, a religious fanatic who brings along his flock of followers to pressure the school into shutting down the production."
Title: The Stanford Prison Experiment | Genres: thriller | Overview: This film is based on the actual events that took place in 1971 when Stanford professor Dr. Philip Zimbardo created what became one of the most shocking and famous social experiments of all time.
Title: The Choice | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Travis and Gabby first meet as neighbors in a small coastal town and wind up in a relationship that is tested by life's most defining events.
Title: Fathers and Daughters | Genres: drama | Overview: A Pulitzer-winning writer grapples with being a widower and father after a mental breakdown, while, 27 years later, his grown daughter struggles to forge connections of her own.
Title: Deadpool and Korg React | Genres: comedy | Overview: Two members of the MCYouTube react to the upcoming film Free Guy.
Title: Initial D | Genres: action, crime, thriller, drama | Overview: After winning his first competition, Takumi focuses his attention on drift racing, a sport he has unknowingly perfected while delivering tofu in his father's Toyota AE86.
Title: Ocean's Eleven | Genres: crime, comedy, music, thriller | Overview: Danny Ocean and his gang attempt to rob the five biggest casinos in Las Vegas in one night.
Title: iCarly: iGo to Japan | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Carly, Sam and Freddie kick off their adventure in Japan on a tin can of a plane packed with caged possums and piloted by Spencer's odd acquaintance.
Title: Four Christmases | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: Brad and Kate have made something of an art form out of avoiding their families during the holidays, but this year their foolproof plan is about go bust -- big time. Stuck at the city airport after all departing flights are canceled, the couple is embarrassed to see their ruse exposed to the world by an overzealous television reporter. Now, Brad and Kate are left with precious little choice other than to swallow their pride and suffer the rounds.
Title: 14 Blades | Genres: drama, action, thriller | Overview: Trained in clandestine combat from childhood, the Jinyiwei were masters of the 14 Blades; eight being for torture, five for killing, and the last blade reserved for suicide when a mission failed. An elite force of secret agents with a license to kill, the Jinyiwei devoted their lives and lethal prowess to the service of the Emperor alone. When the Imperial Court is taken over by evil eunuch Jia, the best of the Jinyiwei, Qinglong is assigned to steal a list identifying those still loyal to the Emperor. However unbeknownst to Qinglong, the Jinyiwei have fallen under the control of Jia, and during the mission Qinglong is betrayed and barely escapes with his life. Now as the most wanted man in the land, Qinglong must seek out and rally the loyalists to rise against Jia and restore the Emperor to power. In his way are the deadliest assassins in the land, his former brethren, the Jinyiwei.
Title: In Dubious Battle | Genres: drama | Overview: In the California apple country, 900 migratory workers rise 'in dubious battle' against the landowners. The group takes on a life of its own—stronger than its individual members, and more frightening. Led by the doomed Jim Nolan, the strike is founded on his tragic idealism—'courage, never submit, or yield'.
Title: Turbo Kid | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, science fiction | Overview: In a post-apocalyptic wasteland, an orphaned teen must battle a ruthless warlord to save the girl of his dreams.
Title: The Tournament | Genres: horror, action, thriller | Overview: Every ten or seven years in an unsuspecting town, The Tournament takes place. A battle royale between 30 of the world's deadliest assassins. The last man standing receiving the $10,000,000 cash prize and the title of Worlds No 1, which itself carries the legendary million dollar a bullet price tag.
Title: Billy & Mandy's Big Boogey Adventure | Genres: adventure, comedy, animation, tv movie | Overview: When the Boogey Man causes Grim to lose his powers, rank, and title in the Underworld Court for misusing his powers, he plots to seek out Horror's Hand and take over the world. It's up to Billy, Mandy, Irwin, and Grim to get to Horror's Hand before the Boogey Man does.
Title: Hudson Hawk | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: Eddie Hawkins, called Hudson Hawk has just been released from ten years of prison and is planning to spend the rest of his life honestly. But then the crazy Mayflower couple blackmail him to steal some of the works of Leonardo da Vinci. If he refuses, they threaten to kill his friend Tommy.
Title: Daddy Day Care | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Two men get laid off and have to become stay-at-home dads when they can't find jobs, which inspires them to open their own day-care center.
Title: The Duel | Genres: western, drama | Overview: A Texas Ranger investigates a series of unexplained deaths in a town called Helena.
Title: Offseason | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: Upon receiving a mysterious letter that her mother's grave has been vandalized, Marie travels to the desolate island town where she's buried. Just as she arrives, the island closes for the season, leaving Marie trapped in a nightmare.
Title: Detective Conan: Quarter of Silence | Genres: animation, action, crime, mystery | Overview: The Governor of Tokyo, Yuichiro Asakura, receives a threatening letter the day before the opening of Touto Line, a new train line for the Tokyo Metro. During the opening ceremony of the line, Conan Edogawa and the Detective Boys are driven by Professor Agasa and pass under the Touto Line. Conan, having heard about the threatening letter, notices explosives connected to the Touto railway; Using his original voice to inform the police as Shinichi Kudo, he is able to stop the train and divert traffic away from the explosives preventing any deaths.
Title: Crows Zero | Genres: action | Overview: The students of Suzuran High compete for the King of School title. An ex-graduate yakuza is sent to kill the son of a criminal group, but he can't make himself to do it as he reminds him of his youth.
Title: Speak | Genres: drama | Overview: Freshman high-school student Melinda has refused to speak ever since she called the cops on a popular summer party. With her old friends snubbing her for being a rat, and her parents too busy to notice her troubles, she folds into herself, trying to hide her secret: that star senior Andy raped her at the party. But Melinda does manage to find solace in her art class headed by Mr. Freeman.
Title: Shall We Dance? | Genres: drama, romance, comedy | Overview: Upon first sight of a beautiful instructor, a bored and overworked estate lawyer signs up for ballroom dancing lessons.
Title: The Whole Nine Yards | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: After a mobster agrees to cooperate with an FBI investigation in order to stay out of prison, he's relocated by the authorities to a life of suburban anonymity as part of a witness protection program. It's not long before a couple of his new neighbours figure out his true identity and come knocking to see if he'd be up for one more hit—suburban style.
Title: The Merchant of Venice | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Venice, 1596. Bassanio begs his friend Antonio, a prosperous merchant, to lend him a large sum of money so that he can woo Portia, a very wealthy heiress; but Antonio has invested his fortune abroad, so they turn to Shylock, a Jewish moneylender, and ask him for a loan.
Title: Bent | Genres: thriller, crime | Overview: On his latest private investigation, a shamed former cop connects a murder case to a government conspiracy involving rogue agents from a top spy agency.
Title: The Kings of Summer | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Joe Toy, on the verge of adolescence, finds himself increasingly frustrated by his single father, Frank's attempts to manage his life. Declaring his freedom once and for all, he escapes to a clearing in the woods with his best friend, Patrick, and a strange kid named Biaggio. He announces that they are going to build a house there, free from responsibility and parents. Once their makeshift abode is finished, the three young men find themselves masters of their own destiny, alone in the woods.
Title: The Siege | Genres: drama, action, thriller, crime | Overview: The secret US abduction of a suspected terrorist from his Middle East homeland leads to a wave of terrorist attacks in New York. An FBI senior agent and his team attempt to locate and decommission the enemy cells, but must also deal with an Army General gone rogue and a female CIA agent of uncertain loyalties.
Title: Antrum | Genres: horror | Overview: Rumored to have been lost, Antrum appears as a cursed film from the 1970s. Viewers are warned to proceed with caution. It’s said to be a story about a young boy and girl who enter the forest in an attempt to save the soul of their recently deceased pet. They journey to “The Antrum,” the very spot the devil landed after being cast out of heaven. There, the children begin to dig a hole to hell.
Title: Steve Jobs | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Set backstage at three iconic product launches and ending in 1998 with the unveiling of the iMac, Steve Jobs takes us behind the scenes of the digital revolution to paint an intimate portrait of the brilliant man at its epicenter.
Title: Happy Together | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A gay couple takes a trip to Argentina in search of a new beginning but instead begins drifting even further apart.
Title: A Perfect Ending | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: This intimate drama follows Rebecca, a woman who has kept her sexuality a secret from her friends but chooses to reveal it to a stranger. While Rebecca's revelations may not yield the results she expects, a perfect ending is still in reach.
Title: The Legend of 1900 | Genres: drama, music, romance | Overview: The story of a virtuoso piano player who lives his entire life aboard an ocean liner. Born and raised on the ship, 1900 (Tim Roth) learned about the outside world through interactions with passengers, never setting foot on land, even for the love of his life. Years later, the ship may be destroyed, and a former band member fears that 1900 may still be aboard, willing to go down with the ship.
Title: Westworld | Genres: adventure, science fiction, western | Overview: In a futuristic resort, wealthy patrons can visit recreations of different time periods and experience their wildest fantasies with life-like robots. But when Richard Benjamin opts for the wild west, he gets more than he bargained for when a gunslinger robot goes berserk.
Title: Mr. Holmes | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: The story is set in 1947, following a long-retired Holmes living in a Sussex village with his housekeeper and rising detective son. But then he finds himself haunted by an unsolved 50-year old case. Holmes' memory isn't what it used to be, so he only remembers fragments of the case: a confrontation with an angry husband, a secret bond with his beautiful but unstable wife.
Title: The Countess | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Kingdom of Hungary, 17th century. As she gets older, powerful Countess Erzsébet Báthory (1560-1614), blinded by the passion that she feels for a younger man, succumbs to the mad delusion that blood will keep her young and beautiful forever.
Title: Magnolia | Genres: drama | Overview: An epic mosaic of many interrelated characters in search of happiness, forgiveness, and meaning in the San Fernando Valley.
Title: Andrei Rublev | Genres: drama, history | Overview: An expansive Russian drama, this film focuses on the life of revered religious icon painter Andrei Rublev. Drifting from place to place in a tumultuous era, the peace-seeking monk eventually gains a reputation for his art. But after Rublev witnesses a brutal battle and unintentionally becomes involved, he takes a vow of silence and spends time away from his work. As he begins to ease his troubled soul, he takes steps towards becoming a painter once again.
Title: The Farm | Genres: horror | Overview: A young couple gets kidnapped and treated like farm animals after stopping at a roadside diner to eat meat.
Title: The 16th Episode | Genres: horror | Overview: Three YouTubers struggling to get more views on their adventure channel, travel to the mythical city of Casablanca, unaware that it hides a terrifying secret.
Title: Kill Your Darlings | Genres: drama, romance, thriller | Overview: A murder in 1944 draws together the great poets of the beat generation: Allen Ginsberg, Jack Kerouac and William Burroughs.
Title: Office Love: Behind Closed Doors | Genres: romance | Overview: Reiko is a high class call girl employed by a large corporation. She’ll do anything necessary to help her employer land new business, including kinky sex and humiliation, to please her high class clientele. Secretly bedding rival company executives on her own time, Reiko’s world turns upside down when a former lover comes back to her for affection. The problem is he’s married! With yet another shy employee vying for her attention, Reiko gets caught in a triple tryst that could change her future forever.
Title: Virtuosity | Genres: action, crime, science fiction, thriller | Overview: The Law Enforcement Technology Advancement Centre (LETAC) has developed SID version 6.7: a Sadistic, Intelligent, and Dangerous virtual reality entity which is synthesized from the personalities of more than 150 serial killers, and only one man can stop him.
Title: The First Wives Club | Genres: comedy | Overview: After years of helping their hubbies climb the ladder of success, three mid-life Manhattanites have been dumped for a newer, curvier model. But the trio is determined to turn their pain into gain. They come up with a cleverly devious plan to hit their exes where it really hurts - in the wallet!
Title: A Change of Seasons | Genres: drama, romance, comedy | Overview: Marriage takes a sour turn when a middle-aged husband falls for a young and sexy woman. Things get even more complicated when his wife starts a hot affair with a younger lover of her own.
Title: Modern Times | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: The Tramp struggles to live in modern industrial society with the help of a young homeless woman.
Title: 8½ | Genres: fantasy, drama | Overview: Guido Anselmi, a film director, finds himself creatively barren at the peak of his career. Urged by his doctors to rest, Anselmi heads for a luxurious resort, but a sorry group gathers—his producer, staff, actors, wife, mistress, and relatives—each one begging him to get on with the show. In retreat from their dependency, he fantasizes about past women and dreams of his childhood.
Title: Transformers: Prime Beast Hunters: Predacons Rising | Genres: action, animation, science fiction | Overview: Autobots, Decepticons, Predaking and Predacons form an unlikely alliance to battle a resurrected Unicron.
Title: Taylor Swift: Reputation Stadium Tour | Genres: music, documentary | Overview: Taylor Swift takes the stage in Dallas for the Reputation Stadium Tour and celebrates a monumental night of music, memories and visual magic.
"Title: The Warlords | Genres: action, drama, history | Overview: A heroic tale of three blood brothers and their struggle in the midst of war and political upheaval. It is based on ""The Assassination of Ma,"" a Qing Dynasty (1644-1911) story about the killing of general Ma Xinyi."
Title: The Reckoning | Genres: horror, drama | Overview: In the aftermath of the Great Plague and amidst the subsequent witch-hunts against women, a young widow grapples with the tragic death of her husband in a society completely consumed by fear and death. Because she rejects the advances of her landlord, she is falsely accused of being a witch and thrown in jail for a crime she didn’t commit. She must endure physical persecution at the hands of England’s most ruthless witch-hunter and face her own inner demons as the devil himself starts to work his way into her mind.
Title: Mank | Genres: drama, history | Overview: 1930s Hollywood is reevaluated through the eyes of scathing social critic and alcoholic screenwriter Herman J. Mankiewicz as he races to finish the screenplay of Citizen Kane.
Title: Incendies | Genres: drama, war, mystery | Overview: A mother's last wishes send twins Jeanne and Simon on a journey to Middle East in search of their tangled roots. Adapted from Wajdi Mouawad's acclaimed play, Incendies tells the powerful and moving tale of two young adults' voyage to the core of deep-rooted hatred, never-ending wars and enduring love.
Title: Rifkin's Festival | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: The story of a married American couple who go to the San Sebastian Film Festival. They get caught up in the magic of the festival, the beauty and charm of Spain and the fantasy of movies. She has an affair with a brilliant French movie director, and he falls in love with a beautiful Spanish woman who lives there.
Title: Spontaneous | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: When students in their high school begin inexplicably exploding (literally), seniors Mara and Dylan struggle to survive in a world where each moment may be their last.
Title: The Thief of Bagdad | Genres: action, adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: When Prince Ahmad is blinded and cast out of Bagdad by the nefarious Jaffar, he joins forces with the scrappy thief Abu to win back his royal place, as well as the heart of a beautiful princess.
Title: Interview with a Hitman | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: An elite hitman returns to erase his past only to find that somebody has messed with his future.
Title: Avicii: True Stories | Genres: music, documentary | Overview: Documentary about the arena-packing Swedish DJ, chronicling his explosive rise to fame and surprising decision to retire from live performances in 2016.
"Title: Funny Games | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: Two psychotic young men take a mother, father, and son hostage in their vacation cabin and force them to play sadistic ""games"" with one another for their own amusement."
Title: The Main Event | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: After discovering a magical mask, an 11-year-old aspiring wrestler enters a competition to become the next WWE superstar by using special powers from a magical mask.
Title: Secretly, Greatly | Genres: action, drama, comedy | Overview: As a North Korean sleeper cell agent, Ryu-han infiltrates the South and assumes the role of a village idiot in a rural town. He observes the townsfolk and waits patiently for his mission. One day, after 2 years of playing the role of the village idiot, fellow elite spies Hae-rang, posed as a rock star and Hae-jin, posed as an ordinary student, are dispatched to the same town as Ryu-han. He helps the other two spies settle in and teach them how to adjust in the South. There is a sudden drastic political power shift in the North and all three spies receive an urgent and ultimate mission.
Title: Synchronic | Genres: science fiction, drama, thriller, horror | Overview: Two New Orleans paramedics' lives are ripped apart after encountering a series of horrific deaths linked to a designer drug with bizarre, otherworldly effects.
Title: Killing Them Softly | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: Jackie Cogan is an enforcer hired to restore order after three dumb guys rob a Mob protected card game, causing the local criminal economy to collapse.
Title: Detective Dee: The Four Heavenly Kings | Genres: mystery, fantasy, adventure, action | Overview: Dee, the detective serving Chinese empress Wu Zetian, is called upon to investigate a series of strange events in Loyang, including the appearance of mysterious warriors wearing Chiyou ghost masks, foxes that speak human language and the pillar sculptures in the palace coming alive.
Title: Dou kyu sei – Classmates | Genres: romance, animation | Overview: Rihito Sajo, an honor student with a perfect score on the entrance exam and Hikaru Kusakabe, in a band and popular among girls, would have never crossed paths. Until one day they started talking at the practice for their school’s upcoming chorus festival. After school, the two meet regularly, as Hikaru helps Rihito to improve his singing skills. While they listen to each other’s voice and harmonize, their hearts start to beat together.
Title: Song to Song | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In this modern love story set against the Austin, Texas music scene, two entangled couples — struggling songwriters Faye and BV, and music mogul Cook and the waitress whom he ensnares — chase success through a rock ‘n’ roll landscape of seduction and betrayal.
Title: Shark Night 3D | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A weekend at a lake house in the Louisiana Gulf turns into a nightmare for seven vacationers as they are subjected to fresh-water shark attacks.
Title: Spinning Man | Genres: mystery, thriller | Overview: Evan Birch, a family man and esteemed philosophy professor at a distinguished college, is the prime suspect when a female student goes missing.
Title: Kika | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Kika, a happy-go-lucky, naïve cosmetologist, is called to the mansion of Nicholas Pierce, an American writer, to make-up the corpse of his stepson, Ramón, a fashion photographer with voyeuristic tendencies. He was however merely catatonic and suddenly awoke feeling he owns her his life regained. Ramón eventually proposes to Kika and they might have lived happily ever after but first they have to cope with Kika's torrid affair with Nicholas, the traumatic and suspicious suicide of Ramón's mother, and the intrusive gaze of a scarred exploitative tabloid-TV star (and Ramón's former psychologist), Andrea Caracortada.
Title: Me and Earl and the Dying Girl | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Greg is coasting through senior year of high school as anonymously as possible, avoiding social interactions like the plague while secretly making spirited, bizarre films with Earl, his only friend. But both his anonymity and friendship threaten to unravel when his mother forces him to befriend a classmate with leukemia.
Title: About Last Night | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A modern reimagining of the classic romantic comedy, this contemporary version closely follows new love for two couples as they journey from the bar to the bedroom and are eventually put to the test in the real world.
Title: Little Children | Genres: drama, romance, comedy | Overview: The lives of two lovelorn spouses from separate marriages, a registered sex offender, and a disgraced ex-police officer intersect as they struggle to resist their vulnerabilities and temptations.
Title: Gigli | Genres: romance, crime, comedy, drama | Overview: Gigli is ordered to kidnap the psychologically challenged younger brother of a powerful federal prosecutor. When plans go awry, Gigli's boss sends in Ricki, a gorgeous free-spirited female gangster who has her own set of orders to assist with the kidnapping. But Gigli begins falling for the decidedly unavailable Ricki, which could be a hazard to his occupation.
Title: M | Genres: drama, action, thriller, crime | Overview: In this classic German thriller, Hans Beckert, a serial killer who preys on children, becomes the focus of a massive Berlin police manhunt. Beckert's heinous crimes are so repellant and disruptive to city life that he is even targeted by others in the seedy underworld network. With both cops and criminals in pursuit, the murderer soon realizes that people are on his trail, sending him into a tense, panicked attempt to escape justice.
Title: Problem Child 3: Junior in Love | Genres: comedy | Overview: Chapter 3 of the Problem Child trilogy features pre-teened Junior in love with a classmate that won't even notice him, but does notice three other boys who are rivals to Junior. This means war!
Title: The Fall of the Roman Empire | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: Drawn from the same events that later inspired Gladiator, the film charts the power-hungry greed and father-son betrayal that led to Rome's collapse at the bloody hands of the Barbarians.
Title: Last Man Standing | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: John Smith is a mysterious stranger who is drawn into a vicious war between two Prohibition-era gangs. In a dangerous game, he switches allegiances from one to another, offering his services to the highest bidder. As the death toll mounts, Smith takes the law into his own hands in a deadly race to stay alive.
Title: The Little Prince(ss) | Genres: family, drama | Overview: When Gabriel, a 7-year-old Chinese kid who loves ballet, becomes friends with Rob, another Chinese kid from school, Rob’s dad gets suspicious about Gabriel's feminine behavior and decides to intervene.
Title: The Reluctant Fundamentalist | Genres: thriller | Overview: In New York, a Pakistani native finds that his American Dream has collapsed in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
Title: May God Save Us | Genres: thriller, crime, action | Overview: Madrid, summer 2011. Economic crisis. 15-M movement and 1.5 million pilgrims waiting for the Pope’s arrival live side by side in a Madrid that’s hotter and more chaotic than ever. In this context, detectives Velarde and Alfaro must find what seems to be a serial killer. Their against-the-clock hunt will make them realise something they’d never imagined: neither of them are so very different from the killer.
Title: Sex School: Dorms of Desire | Genres: comedy | Overview: Boning up for the finals, the girls of CSU won’t stop ‘til they drop their tops for a pop quiz, and prepare to go all the way down on any oral exam. Guided by the University’s randy faculty, these busty beauties are on the brink of a grab-ass graduation, but first they must impress their naughty professors. Will they earn their Bachelor’s Degree in the boudoir, a Master’s in making out, or will they go on to the coveted PhD - which, at our school, means Pure hotness, Dude!
Title: Romeo & Juliet | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In Verona, bad blood between the Montague and Capulet families leads to much bitterness. Despite the hostility, Romeo Montague manages an invitation to a masked ball at the estate of the Capulets and meets Juliet, their daughter. The two are instantly smitten but dismayed to learn that their families are enemies. Romeo and Juliet figure out a way to pursue their romance, but Romeo is banished for his part in the slaying of Juliet's cousin, Tybalt.
Title: Far from the Madding Crowd | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Based on the literary classic by Thomas Hardy. Bathsheba Everdene, attracts three very different suitors: Gabriel Oak, a sheep farmer, captivated by her fetching willfulness; Frank Troy, a handsome and reckless Sergeant; and William Boldwood, a prosperous and mature bachelor. This timeless story of Bathsheba's choices and passions explores the nature of relationships and love – as well as the human ability to overcome hardships through resilience and perseverance.
Title: The Edge | Genres: action, adventure, drama | Overview: The plane carrying wealthy Charles Morse crashes down in the Alaskan wilderness. Together with the two other passengers, photographer Robert and assistant Stephen, Charles devises a plan to help them reach civilization. However, his biggest obstacle might not be the elements, or even the Kodiak bear stalking them -- it could be Robert, whom Charles suspects is having an affair with his wife and would not mind seeing him dead.
Title: Suburbicon | Genres: thriller, crime, drama, mystery | Overview: In the quiet family town of Suburbicon during the 1950s, the best and worst of humanity is hilariously reflected through the deeds of seemingly ordinary people. When a home invasion turns deadly, a picture-perfect family turns to blackmail, revenge and murder.
Title: Death Race 2000 | Genres: action, comedy, science fiction | Overview: In a boorish future, the government sponsors a popular, but bloody, cross-country race in which points are scored by mowing down pedestrians. Five teams, each comprised of a male and female, compete using cars equipped with deadly weapons. Frankenstein, the mysterious returning champion, has become America's hero, but this time he has a passenger from the underground resistance.
Title: Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex *But Were Afraid to Ask | Genres: comedy | Overview: A collection of seven vignettes, which each address a question concerning human sexuality. From aphrodisiacs to sexual perversion to the mystery of the male orgasm, characters like a court jester, a doctor, a queen and a journalist adventure through lab experiments and game shows, all seeking answers to common questions that many would never ask.
Title: Curve | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: Clinging to a smooth, curved surface high above a sentient abyss, a girl tries to cover the few feet back to safety without losing purchase and falling to her death.
Title: Hey Arnold! The Movie | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Arnold and his friends must recover a stolen document in order to prevent the neighborhood from being bulldozed.
"Title: Mardock Scramble: The Second Combustion | Genres: animation, science fiction | Overview: Second film of the Mardock Scramble series. Balot and a severely injured Oeufcoque seem to be at the mercy of an obsessed Boiled. Dr. Easter comes to the rescue and the group escapes to ""Paradise"" where many secrets of Mardock lie and where Balot will need to come to a decision herself about what she will and can do."
Title: Close My Eyes | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: After some years of tension, Richard begins a sexual relationship with his sister Natalie. Now married, the relationship proves dangerously obsessional.
Title: The Half of It | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Shy, straight-A student Ellie is hired by sweet but inarticulate jock Paul, who needs help wooing the most popular girl in school. But their new and unlikely friendship gets tricky when Ellie discovers she has feelings for the same girl.
Title: The Secret of NIMH | Genres: family, animation, fantasy, adventure | Overview: A widowed field mouse must move her family -- including an ailing son -- to escape a farmer's plow. Aided by a crow and a pack of superintelligent, escaped lab rats, the brave mother struggles to transplant her home to firmer ground.
"Title: The Girlfriend Experience | Genres: drama | Overview: Chelsea is an in-demand call girl whose $2,000 an hour price tag allows her to live in New York's lap of luxury. Besides her beauty and sexual skill, Chelsea offers her clients companionship and conversation, or, as she dubs it, ""the girlfriend experience."" With her successful business and a devoted, live-in boyfriend, Chelsea thinks she has it made... until a new client rocks her world."
"Title: The Prince & Me | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A fairy tale love-story about pre-med student Paige who falls in love with a Danish Prince ""Eddie"" who refused to follow the traditions of his parents and has come to the US to quench his thirst for rebellion. Paige and Edward come from two different worlds, but there is an undeniable attraction between them."
Title: Road Trip | Genres: comedy, adventure | Overview: From the director of the Hangover trilogy and Joker, Road Trip is a raunchy college comedy classic. After an Ithaca college student films his one-night stand with a beautiful sorority girl, he discovers one of his friends has accidentally mailed the homemade porn tape to his girlfriend. In a frenzy, he must borrow a car and hit the road in a desperate bid to intercept the tape. Featuring a talented cast that includes Breckin Meyer, Rachel Blanchard, Seann William Scott, Amy Smart, Fred Ward, Tom Green, Anthony Rapp, Andy Dick, and Ethan Suplee.
Title: The Visitors | Genres: fantasy, comedy | Overview: This outrageous time-travel comedy follows the misadventures of a wacky medieval knight (Jean Reno) and his faithful servant when they are accidentally transported to contemporary times by a senile sorcerer. Mayhem rules as these 12th-century visitors try adapting to the wildly confusing modern world. To avoid being stuck here for good, however, they soon begin an all-out cosmic assault on their former castle -- now a luxury hotel -- in their quest to return to the past.
Title: Kicks | Genres: drama, crime, action | Overview: When his hard-earned kicks get snatched by a local hood, fifteen-year old Brandon and his two best friends go on an ill-advised mission across the Bay Area to retrieve the stolen sneakers.
Title: Green Room | Genres: horror, crime, thriller | Overview: A punk rock band becomes trapped in a secluded venue after finding a scene of violence. For what they saw, the band themselves become targets of violence from a gang of white power skinheads, who want to eliminate all evidence of the crime.
Title: Flashdance | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Alex Owens, a teen juggling between two odd jobs, aspires to become a successful ballet dancer. Nick, who is her boss and lover, supports and encourages her to fulfil her dream.
"Title: Lucky Trouble | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Who said you have to win to be a champion? Slava Kolotiloff, a schoolteacher from a sleepy seaside town by the name of ""Fingers"" comes to conquer Moscow with the manuscript to his first novel in hand. But instead, quite by accident, he conquers the heart of a beauty named Nadia (Milla Jovovich). As their wedding approaches, Slava needs only to quit his job and tie up loose ends back in ""Fingers"" before returning to Moscow to start a new life with his new bride. But due to a number of bizarre circumstances he is unable to leave and back in the big city, the wedding goes on regardless as Nadia has to fend off the attentions of her ex-boyfriend Danya, who seems ready to do whatever it takes to win her back."
Title: Intolerable Cruelty | Genres: crime, comedy, romance | Overview: A revenge-seeking gold digger marries a womanizing Beverly Hills lawyer with the intention of making a killing in the divorce.
Title: Before the Fall | Genres: drama | Overview: In 1942, Friedrich Weimer's boxing skills get him an appointment to a National Political Academy (NaPolA) – high schools that produce Nazi elite. Over his father's objections, Friedrich enrolls. During his year in seventh column,Friedrich encounters hazing, cruelty, death, and the Nazi code. His friendship with Albrecht, the ascetic son of the area's governor, is central to this education.
Title: 6 Days | Genres: action, drama, history, thriller | Overview: London, England, April 1980. Six terrorists assault the Embassy of Iran and take hostages. For six days, tense negotiations are held while the authorities decide whether a military squad should intervene.
Title: Heroes: Silence and Rock & Roll | Genres: documentary, music | Overview: An exploration of the rise of Héroes del Silencio, the seminal 1980s Spanish rock band anchored by Enrique Bunbury.
Title: Bring the Soul: The Movie | Genres: music, documentary | Overview: Following their landmark “Love Yourself” tour, BTS triumphantly returns to cinema screens in Bring the Soul: The Movie. Shining brighter than any light on the stage, now the group invite us behind the spotlight. On the day following the final concert of their Europe tour, on a rooftop in Paris, BTS tells their very own stories from experiencing new cities to performing in front of thousands of ARMY across the globe. A glimpse into BTS’ world away from the stage, featuring intimate group discussions alongside spectacular concert performances from the tour, this is a cinema event not to be missed. The journey of BTS continues!
Title: Knight of Cups | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Rick is a screenwriter living in Los Angeles. While successful in his career, his life feels empty. Haunted and confused, he finds temporary solace in the decadent Hollywood excess that defines his existence. Women provide a distraction to his daily pain, and every encounter brings him closer to finding his place in the world.
Title: Senseless | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A student gets his senses enhanced by an experimental drug. But abuse is not an option.
Title: Staying Alive | Genres: drama, music | Overview: It's five years later and Tony Manero's Saturday Night Fever is still burning. Now he's strutting toward his biggest challenger yet - making it as a dancer on the Broadway stage.
Title: I, Daniel Blake | Genres: drama | Overview: A middle aged carpenter, who requires state welfare after injuring himself, is joined by a single mother in a similar scenario.
Title: We Have Always Lived in the Castle | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: In Shirleyville, Vermont, during the sixties, sisters Merricat and Constance, along with their ailing uncle Julian, confined to a wheelchair, live isolated in a big mansion located on the hill overlooking the town, tormented by the memories of a family tragedy occurred six years ago. The arrival of cousin Charles will threaten the fragile equilibrium of their minds, haunted by madness, fear and superstition.
Title: Shut In | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A young single mother is held captive along with her two children by a violent ex and must plot their escape before it’s too late
Title: Transformers | Genres: adventure, science fiction, action | Overview: Young teenager Sam Witwicky becomes involved in the ancient struggle between two extraterrestrial factions of transforming robots – the heroic Autobots and the evil Decepticons. Sam holds the clue to unimaginable power and the Decepticons will stop at nothing to retrieve it.
Title: Lizzie | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Massachusetts, 1892. An unmarried woman of 32 and a social outcast, Lizzie lives a claustrophobic life under her father's cold and domineering control. When Bridget Sullivan, a young maid, comes to work for the family, Lizzie finds a sympathetic, kindred spirit, and a secret intimacy soon blossoms into a wicked plan.
Title: The Insider | Genres: drama, thriller, history | Overview: Tells the true story of a 60 Minutes television series exposé of the tobacco industry, as seen through the eyes of a real tobacco executive, Jeffrey Wigand.
Title: Popeye | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Popeye is a super-strong, spinach-scarfing sailor man who's searching for his father. During a storm that wrecks his ship, Popeye washes ashore and winds up rooming at the Oyl household, where he meets Olive. Before he can win her heart, he must first contend with Olive's fiancé, Bluto.
Title: The Order | Genres: drama, fantasy, horror, mystery, romance, thriller | Overview: For centuries, a secret Order of priests has existed within the Church. A renegade priest, Father Alex Bernier, is sent to Rome to investigate the mysterious death of one of the Order's most revered members. Following a series of strangely similar killings, Bernier launches an investigation that forces him to confront unimaginable evil.
Title: Queen of the Damned | Genres: drama, fantasy, horror | Overview: Lestat de Lioncourt is awakened from his slumber. Bored with his existence, he has now become this generation's new Rock God. While in the course of time, another has arisen, Akasha, the Queen of the Vampires and the Dammed. He wants immortal fame, his fellow vampires want him eternally dead for his betrayal, and the Queen wants him for her King. Who will be the first to reach him? Who shall win?
Title: Youth | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Two lifelong friends bond whilst vacationing in a luxury Swiss Alps lodge as they ponder retirement. While Fred has no plans to resume his musical career despite the urging of his loving daughter Lena, Mick is intent on finishing the screenplay for what may be his last important film for his muse Brenda. And where will inspiration lead their younger friend Jimmy, an actor grasping to make sense of his next performance?
Title: Two Mules for Sister Sara | Genres: western | Overview: Hogan, on his way to do some reconnaissance for a future mission to capture a French fort, encounters Sister Sara, a nun in trouble. Before he knows it, Hogan is accompanying Sister Sara in the dangerous frontier while she seeks to achieve a hidden goal.
Title: Vertical Limit | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: Trapped near the summit of K2, the world's second-highest mountain, Annie Garrett radios to base camp for help. Brother Peter hears Annie's message and assembles a team to save her and her group before they succumb to K2's unforgiving elements. But, as Annie lays injured in an icy cavern, the rescuers face several terrifying events that could end the rescue attempt -- and their lives.
Title: Turner & Hooch | Genres: action, comedy, thriller, crime, family | Overview: Scott Turner has 3 days left in the local police department before he moves to a bigger city to get some 'real' cases—not just misdemeanors. When Amos Reed is murdered, Scott sets himself on the case, but the closest thing to a witness to the murder is Reed's dog, Hooch, which Scott has to take care of—to avoid Hooch being 'put to sleep'.
Title: Words Bubble Up Like Soda Pop | Genres: animation, romance, music, drama | Overview: After meeting one bright, sunny day, a shy boy who expresses himself through haiku and a bubbly but self-conscious girl share a brief, magical summer.
Title: Martin Eden | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: The tale of an individualist proletarian in a time marked by the rise of mass political movements. In early 20th-century Italy, illiterate sailor Martin Eden seeks fame as a writer while torn between the love of a bourgeois girl and allegiance to his social class.
Title: Yojimbo | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A nameless ronin, or samurai with no master, enters a small village in feudal Japan where two rival businessmen are struggling for control of the local gambling trade. Taking the name Sanjuro Kuwabatake, the ronin convinces both silk merchant Tazaemon and sake merchant Tokuemon to hire him as a personal bodyguard, then artfully sets in motion a full-scale gang war between the two ambitious and unscrupulous men.
Title: Our Little Sister | Genres: drama, family | Overview: A story that revolves around three sisters who live in their grandmother's home and the arrival of their 13-year-old half sister.
Title: The Nanny Diaries | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A college graduate goes to work as a nanny for a rich New York family. Ensconced in their home, she has to juggle their dysfunction, a new romance, and the spoiled brat in her charge.
Title: Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure | Genres: adventure, comedy, science fiction | Overview: Bill and Ted are high school buddies starting a band. They are also about to fail their history class—which means Ted would be sent to military school—but receive help from Rufus, a traveller from a future where their band is the foundation for a perfect society. With the use of Rufus' time machine, Bill and Ted travel to various points in history, returning with important figures to help them complete their final history presentation.
Title: Turbulence | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: On a flight transporting dangerous convicts, murderer Ryan Weaver manages to break free and cause complete chaos throughout the plane. As various people on board fall victim to Weaver, it is ultimately down to flight attendant Teri Halloran to keep the aircraft from crashing, with on-ground support from an air traffic controller. While Halloran struggles to pilot the plane, Weaver continues to terrorize the surviving members of the crew.
Title: Grandma | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Self-described misanthrope Elle Reid has her protective bubble burst when her 18-year-old granddaughter, Sage, shows up needing help. The two of them go on a day-long journey that causes Elle to come to terms with her past and Sage to confront her future.
Title: Pawn Sacrifice | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: American chess champion Bobby Fischer prepares for a legendary match-up against Russian Boris Spassky.
Title: Persona 3 the Movie: #1 Spring of Birth | Genres: animation, action, fantasy | Overview: In the spring, male student Makoto Yuki transfers to Gekkoukan High School. However, as he heads to his new dormitory, listening to the music on his headphones, he is stopped. More precisely, time has stopped, and the people who were around him turn into coffins. Makoto learns that this period of time hidden between the minute of midnight is called the Dark Hour, a time when monsters called Shadows appear. Suddenly made the leader of his fellow classmates Yukari and Junpei by his upperclassmen Mitsuru and Akihiko, Makoto must learn empathy, his connection to his comrades, and the meaning of death. With the power of his Evoker aimed at his head, Makoto fights against the Shadows threatening to attack his world from the mysterious tower of Tartarus.
Title: The Thousand Faces of Dunjia | Genres: adventure, action, fantasy | Overview: The world is on the brink of catastrophe in a chaotic age where evil demons roam. In order to keep evil at bay, a mysterious organisation from the pugilist world emerges. A new constable and a young girl with a mysterious past are also drawn into this group, and the group embarks on an incredible adventure.
Title: Ruby Sparks | Genres: comedy, romance, fantasy, drama | Overview: Calvin is a young novelist who achieved phenomenal success early in his career but is now struggling with his writing – as well as his romantic life. Finally, he makes a breakthrough and creates a character named Ruby who inspires him. When Calvin finds Ruby, in the flesh, sitting on his couch about a week later, he is completely flabbergasted that his words have turned into a living, breathing person.
Title: La civil | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Cielo is a mother whose teenage daughter is kidnapped in Northern Mexico. When the authorities offer no support in the search, Cielo takes matters into her own hands and transforms from housewife into a vengeful militant.
Title: Pawn Shop Chronicles | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: The stories of a missing wife, a couple of meth heads and an Elvis impersonator are connected by the items found in a small town's pawn shop.
Title: November Criminals | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: When Addison investigates the murder of his friend Kevin with the help of Phoebe, they discover that the truth is darker than they had ever imagined.
Title: Jumanji | Genres: adventure, fantasy, family | Overview: When siblings Judy and Peter discover an enchanted board game that opens the door to a magical world, they unwittingly invite Alan -- an adult who's been trapped inside the game for 26 years -- into their living room. Alan's only hope for freedom is to finish the game, which proves risky as all three find themselves running from giant rhinoceroses, evil monkeys and other terrifying creatures.
"Title: Sex Game 6969 | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Three married women had always been dissatisfied sexually with their husbands, and Hyoji, who recently divorced due to her husband's erectile dysfunction. They gathered after a long time and had a drink complaining to each other, and they received a business card from an unidentified handsome man, saying, ""Don't you want to play tteok pounding game?"" The four of them head to the meeting place and meet suspicious agents who were waiting for them."
Title: Last Knights | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: When an evil emperor executes their leader, his band of knights – bound by duty and honour – embarks on a journey of vengeance that will not come to an end until they've destroyed their mortal foe.
Title: Emerald Green | Genres: fantasy | Overview: Emerald Green is the stunning conclusion to Kerstin Gier's Ruby Red Trilogy, picking up where Sapphire Blue left off, reaching new heights of intrigue and romance as Gwen finally uncovers the secrets of the time-traveling society and learns her fate.
Title: Ghost Shark | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: A coastal town is plagued by a supernatural man-eating shark. A ghost hunter joins forces with a sea captain to uncover the secrets of the area's dark past and find a way to exorcise the spectral predator.
Title: The Cutting Edge: Going for the Gold | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Two ice skaters develop a love-hate relationship while dreaming of Olympic glory.
Title: A Private War | Genres: war, drama | Overview: One of the most celebrated war correspondents of our time, Marie Colvin is an utterly fearless and rebellious spirit, driven to the frontlines of conflicts across the globe to give voice to the voiceless.
Title: Bosomy Mom | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Da-hee gets married to Min-soo who is older than her. Thanks to him, he also gets a son who is not too old, Jae-hyuk, who she tries to get acquainted with, albeit awkwardly. After staying with Na-yeon, she suddenly has to meet Jae-hyuk, and Na-yeon has a date with Jae-hyuk. Min-soo is surprised to find three people coming back home from a date. It made him angry to see his son with two women. Right away, Min-soo seeks Da-hee and asks about Na-yeon. Na-yeon met Min-soo secretly. However, Da-hee who is aware of Min-soo and Da-hee's relationship, shares this fact to Jae-hyun.
Title: The Last Dragonslayer | Genres: adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: In a fantasy world where magic is being superceded by technology, an orphaned teen discovers her destiny to become a dragonslayer.
Title: An American Tail: The Treasure of Manhattan Island | Genres: family, animation, adventure | Overview: Fievel and his friend Tony Toponi find a map that they believe points to a treasure buried somewhere beneath Old New York, and the plucky rodent is determined to find it. However, what he discovers under the city is a tribe of Native American mice who were driven underground by prejudiced European immigrants.
Title: Miss Viborg | Genres: drama | Overview: In a small Danish town, we meet two generations of women. 61-year-old Solvej and the 17-year-old Kate. Their meeting kickstarts an unlikely friendship, as the wounds of the past are revealed and the seeds of hope are sown.
Title: Dead Space: Downfall | Genres: animation, horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: On a deep space mining mission to a remote planet, an ancient religious relic - thought to be proof of the existence of God - is unearthed and brought aboard. When the unholy artifact unleashes a long-dormant alien race, its glimpse of Heaven transforms the ship into a living Hell. A prequel to the events of the 2008 video game Dead Space.
"Title: Tora! Tora! Tora! | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: In the summer of 1941, the United States and Japan seem on the brink of war after constant embargos and failed diplomacy come to no end. ""Tora! Tora! Tora!"", named after the code words use by the lead Japanese pilot to indicate they had surprised the Americans, covers the days leading up to the attack on Pearl Harbor, which plunged America into the Second World War."
Title: Death Note: Light Up the New World | Genres: fantasy, mystery, thriller | Overview: 10 years has passed since the confrontation between Kira and L. Again, Shinigami sends death notes to the ground and due to this, the world soon falls into chaos. Tsukuru is a member of the Death Note special task force team with 6 other investigators including Matsuda who experienced the Kira case of 10 years ago. Mass murders caused by the death note takes place on Wall Street in the U.S., Shibuya in Japan and other places. World famous private investigator Ryuzaki, who is the rightful successor of L, also investigates the mass murders. They discover that 6 death notes exists in the world. A computer virus called Kira spreads in the world. A message in the Kira virus says to turn in 6 death notes. A person who has 6 death notes overwhelm the world. The confrontation begins between the person who wants Kira’s revival and the people who want to stop it.
Title: The Eagle | Genres: adventure, drama | Overview: In 140 AD, twenty years after the unexplained disappearance of the entire Ninth Legion in the mountains of Scotland, young centurion Marcus Aquila arrives from Rome to solve the mystery and restore the reputation of his father, the commander of the Ninth. Accompanied only by his British slave Esca, Marcus sets out across Hadrian's Wall into the uncharted highlands of Caledonia - to confront its savage tribes, make peace with his father's memory, and retrieve the lost legion's golden emblem, the Eagle of the Ninth.
Title: El Gringo | Genres: adventure, drama, action, thriller | Overview: A man crossing into Mexico with a satchel of $2,000,000—and a bloody past—finds himself under sudden attack in the sleepy town of El Fronteras.
Title: A Bittersweet Life | Genres: action, drama, crime | Overview: Kim Sun-woo is an enforcer and manager for a hotel owned by a cold, calculative crime boss, Kang who assigns Sun-Woo to a simple errand while he is away on a business trip; to shadow his young mistress, Heesoo, for fear that she may be cheating on him with a younger man with the mandate that he must kill them both if he discovers their affair.
"Title: The Hours | Genres: drama | Overview: ""The Hours"" is the story of three women searching for more potent, meaningful lives. Each is alive at a different time and place, all are linked by their yearnings and their fears. Their stories intertwine, and finally come together in a surprising, transcendent moment of shared recognition."
Title: Shelter | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Forced to give up his dreams of art school, Zach works dead-end jobs to support his sister and her son. Questioning his life, he paints, surfs and hangs out with his best friend, Gabe. When Gabe's older brother returns home for the summer, Zach suddenly finds himself drawn into a relationship he didn't expect.
Title: A Nice Girl Like You | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Lucy Neal is thrown for a loop when she is accused of being too inhibited by her ex-boyfriend. In an effort to prove him wrong, Lucy creates a rather wild to-do list that sends her on a whirlwind and surprising journey of self-discovery, friendship, and new love.
Title: Deep Rising | Genres: adventure, action, horror, science fiction | Overview: A group of heavily armed hijackers board a luxury ocean liner in the South Pacific Ocean to loot it, only to do battle with a series of large-sized, tentacled, man-eating sea creatures who have taken over the ship first.
Title: Black Snake Moan | Genres: drama | Overview: A God-fearing bluesman takes to a wild young woman who, as a victim of childhood sexual abuse, is looking everywhere for love, but never quite finding it.
Title: Cave | Genres: adventure, thriller | Overview: A group of former military elites set out to explore an uncharted abyss, not knowing their worst nightmare is waiting for them deep beneath the ground.
Title: The Night Porter | Genres: war, drama, romance | Overview: A concentration camp survivor discovers her former torturer and lover working as a porter at a hotel in postwar Vienna. When the couple attempt to re-create their sadomasochistic relationship, his former SS comrades begin to stalk them.
Title: A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood | Genres: drama, history | Overview: An award-winning cynical journalist, Lloyd Vogel, begrudgingly accepts an assignment to write an Esquire profile piece on the beloved television icon Fred Rogers. After his encounter with Rogers, Vogel's perspective on life is transformed.
Title: Mother | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: A mother lives quietly with her son. One day, a girl is brutally killed, and the boy is charged with the murder. Now, it's his mother's mission to prove him innocent.
Title: The Fury | Genres: horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A government agent is determined to come to his son's rescue, when a sinister official kidnaps him to harness his extremely powerful psychic abilities.
Title: Side Effects | Genres: thriller, crime, drama | Overview: A woman turns to prescription medication as a way of handling her anxiety concerning her husband's upcoming release from prison.
"Title: The Killers | Genres: crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: Two hit men walk into a diner asking for a man called ""the Swede"". When the killers find the Swede, he's expecting them and doesn't put up a fight. Since the Swede had a life insurance policy, an investigator, on a hunch, decides to look into the murder. As the Swede's past is laid bare, it comes to light that he was in love with a beautiful woman who may have lured him into pulling off a bank robbery overseen by another man."
Title: Kakurenbo: Hide & Seek | Genres: animation, horror | Overview: Among the ruins of the city, there is a game only children can play. It is called “Otokoyo”; a game of hide-and-seek. But whenever children play this game, one by one they would disappear into the blinds of the buildings… The story begins when a boy enters the world of Otokoyo, to find his missing sister.
Title: Beethoven's 2nd | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: Beethoven is back -- and this time, he has a whole brood with him now that he's met his canine match, Missy, and fathered a family. The only problem is that Missy's owner, Regina, wants to sell the puppies and tear the clan apart. It's up to Beethoven and the Newton kids to save the day and keep everyone together.
Title: Paris Can Wait | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: A woman at a crossroads traveling to Cannes along with her successful film producer husband, finds herself on a two-day road trip with his business associate. What follows is a carefree journey replete with diversions involving picturesque sites, fine food and wine, humor, wisdom and romance - reawakening Anne's senses and a new lust for life.
Title: The Rookie | Genres: drama, family | Overview: Jim Morris never made it out of the minor leagues before a shoulder injury ended his pitching career twelve years ago. Now a married-with-children high-school chemistry teacher and baseball coach in Texas, Jim's team makes a deal with him: if they win the district championship, Jim will try out with a major-league organization. The bet proves incentive enough for the team, and they go from worst to first, making it to state for the first time in the history of the school. Jim, forced to live up to his end of the deal, is nearly laughed off the try-out field--until he gets onto the mound, where he confounds the scouts (and himself) by clocking successive 98 mph fastballs, good enough for a minor-league contract with the Tampa Bay Devil Rays. Jim's still got a lot of pitches to throw before he makes it to The Show, but with his big-league dreams revived, there's no telling where he could go.
Title: Joy | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: A story based on the life of a struggling Long Island single mom who became one of the country's most successful entrepreneurs.
Title: Elles | Genres: drama | Overview: A journalist tries to balance the duties of marriage and motherhood while researching a piece on college women who work as prostitutes to pay their tuition.
Title: 2:22 | Genres: drama, thriller, romance, science fiction, mystery | Overview: A man's life is derailed when an ominous pattern of events repeats itself in exactly the same manner every day, ending at precisely 2:22 p.m.
Title: Royal Space Force - The Wings Of Honneamise | Genres: animation, science fiction | Overview: On a future Earth, war between the Kingdom of Honneamise and its rival, The Republic, is inevitable. As evolving technology creates new ways to wage war, a small group seeks to propel mankind into space in their world’s first spaceflight program. For astronaut candidate Shirotsugh Lhadatt, it’s a personal odyssey as he grows from an aimless young man into a leader willing to put everything on the line in order to move the human race forward and away from the brink of Armageddon.
Title: The Motorcycle Diaries | Genres: drama | Overview: Based on the journals of Che Guevara, leader of the Cuban Revolution. In his memoirs, Guevara recounts adventures he and best friend Alberto Granado had while crossing South America by motorcycle in the early 1950s.
Title: Nana | Genres: romance, drama, music | Overview: Based on the popular manga, this follows the adventures of two girls named Nana who depend on each other's help to realize their dreams. The two meet on a train to Tokyo, where Nana K. aims to reunite with her boyfriend and Nana O. hopes to make it big in the music business. Despite their differences, the pair hit it off and become roommates.
Title: Red Cliff | Genres: action, adventure, drama, war | Overview: In 208 A.D., in the final days of the Han Dynasty, shrewd Prime Minster Cao convinced the fickle Emperor Han the only way to unite all of China was to declare war on the kingdoms of Xu in the west and East Wu in the south. Thus began a military campaign of unprecedented scale. Left with no other hope for survival, the kingdoms of Xu and East Wu formed an unlikely alliance.
Title: Convergence: Courage in a Crisis | Genres: documentary | Overview: Activists and volunteers work through the darkest days of 2020, galvanizing social change amidst chaos as governments start to fail local communities. This epic, globally spanning and deeply passionate documentary serves as a clarion call that great change can be born of crisis.
Title: Earthquake Bird | Genres: drama, mystery, romance, thriller | Overview: Tokyo, Japan, 1989. Lucy Fly, a foreigner who works as a translator, begins a passionate relationship with Teiji, a mysterious man obsessed with photography.
Title: Commitment | Genres: drama, action, thriller | Overview: The son of a North Korean spy decides to follow in his father's footsteps to protect his little sister. After his father’s botched espionage mission, North Korean Myung-hoon and his young sister Hye-in are sent to a labor prison camp. In order to save his sister’s life, Myung-hoon volunteers to become a spy and infiltrates the South as a teenage defector. While attending high school in the South, he meets another girl named Hye-in, and rescues her when she comes under attack. South Korean Intelligence soon discover Myung-hoon’s activities and begin tracking him, all the while his own government sends a vicious assassin to eliminate him.
Title: Ramona and Beezus | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Ramona is a little girl with a very big imagination and a nose for mischief. Her playful antics keep everyone in her loving family on their toes, including her older sister Beezus, who's just trying to survive her first year of high school. Through all the ups and downs of childhood, Ramona and Beezus learn that anything's possible when you believe in yourself and rely on each other.
Title: 6 Souls | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: A female forensic psychiatrist discovers that all of one of her patient's multiple personalities are murder victims. She will have to find out what's happening before her time is finished.
Title: Walking Tall | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: Buford Pusser's a wrestler, whose wife wants him to settle down, so they go to his home town in Tennessee, where he plans to get into business with his father. But he is shocked to discover all sorts of graft and corruption going on. And when he is a victim of it and decides to strike back by running against the corrupt sheriff. And he wins and wages his own little war against them
Title: Old Yeller | Genres: adventure, drama, western, family | Overview: Young Travis Coates is left to take care of the family ranch with his mother and younger brother while his father goes off on a cattle drive in the 1860s. When a yellow mongrel comes for an uninvited stay with the family, Travis reluctantly adopts the dog.
Title: The Return of the Pink Panther | Genres: mystery, comedy, crime | Overview: The famous Pink Panther jewel has once again been stolen and Inspector Clouseau is called in to catch the thief. The Inspector is convinced that 'The Phantom' has returned and utilises all of his resources – himself and his Asian manservant – to reveal the identity of 'The Phantom'.
"Title: Shiny_Flakes: The Teenage Drug Lord | Genres: documentary, crime | Overview: Max S. reveals how he built a drug empire from his childhood bedroom as a teen in the real story behind the series ""How to Sell Drugs Online (Fast)."""
Title: Blue Thunder | Genres: drama, action, thriller | Overview: Los Angeles, California. Officer Murphy, a veteran Metropolitan Police helicopter pilot suffering from severe trauma due to his harsh experiences during the Vietnam War, and Lymangood, his resourceful new partner, are tasked with testing an advanced and heavily armed experimental chopper known as Blue Thunder.
Title: Katy Perry: Part of Me | Genres: documentary, music | Overview: Giving fans unprecedented access to the real life of the music sensation, Katy Perry: Part of Me exposes the hard work, dedication and phenomenal talent of a girl who remained true to herself and her vision in order to achieve her dreams. Featuring rare behind-the-scenes interviews, personal moments between Katy and her friends, and all-access footage of rehearsals, choreography, Katy’s signature style and more, Katy Perry: Part of Me reveals the singer’s unwavering belief that if you can be yourself, then you can be anything.
Title: Destroyer | Genres: thriller, crime, drama, action | Overview: When Erin Bell was a young cop, she was given an undercover assignment that ended badly and destroyed her life. Years later, she must face her demons in order to make peace with her past.
Title: One Week Friends | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: High school student Yuki Hase (Kento Yamazaki) wants to become close with classmate Kaori Fujimiya (Haruna Kawaguchi) who is alway by herself. Kaori Fujimiya refuses to become close with Yuki Hase, because she forgets her friends every new Monday. Even though Kaori tells Yuki why she doesn't want to become friends, Yuki still wants to become close to her.
Title: Superintelligence | Genres: comedy, science fiction, romance | Overview: When an all-powerful Superintelligence chooses to study the most average person on Earth, Carol Peters, the fate of the world hangs in the balance. As the A.I. decides to enslave, save or destroy humanity, it’s up to Carol to prove that people are worth saving.
Title: Don't Look Now | Genres: thriller, drama, horror | Overview: Laura and John, grieved by a terrible loss, meet in Venice, where John is in charge of the restoration of a church, two mysterious sisters, one of whom gives them a message sent from the afterlife.
Title: The Girl Who Played with Fire | Genres: drama, action, thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: Mikael Blomkvist, publisher of Millennium magazine, has made his living exposing the crooked and corrupt practices of establishment Swedish figures. So when a young journalist approaches him with a meticulously researched thesis about sex trafficking in Sweden and those in high office who abuse underage girls, Blomkvist immediately throws himself into the investigation.
Title: Girl | Genres: thriller | Overview: A young woman returns to her small hometown intent on killing her abusive father only to discover someone murdered him the day before. As the girl searches for answers, she uncovers a family legacy more dangerous than she'd imagined.
Title: The Hunt | Genres: drama | Overview: A teacher lives a lonely life, all the while struggling over his son’s custody. His life slowly gets better as he finds love and receives good news from his son, but his new luck is about to be brutally shattered by an innocent little lie.
Title: The Colony | Genres: action, science fiction, horror | Overview: Forced underground by the next ice age, a struggling outpost of survivors must fight to preserve humanity against a threat even more savage than nature.
Title: Mythica: A Quest for Heroes | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Stuck in a life of indentured servitude, Marek dreams of becoming a wizard. When she meets the beautiful priestess Teela in need of help, she offers her assistance and provides a motley troupe. Together they go in search of Teela's sister, who was kidnapped by a wild ogre.
Title: Moonrise Kingdom | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Set on an island off the coast of New England in the summer of 1965, Moonrise Kingdom tells the story of two twelve-year-olds who fall in love, make a secret pact, and run away together into the wilderness. As various authorities try to hunt them down, a violent storm is brewing off-shore – and the peaceful island community is turned upside down in more ways than anyone can handle.
Title: Murder by Numbers | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Tenacious homicide detective Cassie Mayweather and her still-green partner are working a murder case, attempting to profile two malevolently brilliant young men: cold, calculating killers whose dark secrets might explain their crimes.
Title: Gabriel's Rapture: Part One | Genres: romance | Overview: 4th installment Based on the best selling novel from by Sylvain Reynard.
Title: Best of the Best | Genres: action | Overview: A team from the United States is going to compete against Korea in a Tae Kwon Do tournament. The team consists of fighters from all over the country--can they overcome their rivalry and work together to win?
Title: The Good, the Bad, the Weird | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, western | Overview: The story of three Korean outlaws in 1930s Manchuria and their dealings with the Japanese army and Chinese and Russian bandits. The Good (a Bounty hunter), the Bad (a hitman), and the Weird (a thief) battle the army and the bandits in a race to use a treasure map to uncover the riches of legend.
Title: The Dead Zone | Genres: thriller, horror, science fiction | Overview: Johnny Smith is a schoolteacher with his whole life ahead of him but, after leaving his fiancee's home one night, is involved in a car crash which leaves him in a coma for 5 years. When he wakes, he discovers he has an ability to see into the past, present and future life of anyone with whom he comes into physical contact.
Title: Stolen by Their Father | Genres: drama, tv movie | Overview: A woman finds herself fighting for her daughters when her ex kidnaps them.
Title: Valhalla | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: The Viking children Røskva and Tjalfe embark on an adventurous journey from Midgard to Valhalla with the gods Thor and Loki. Life in Valhalla, however, turns out to be threatened by the dreaded Fenrir wolf and the god's barbaric archenemies, the Jotnar. Side by side with the gods the two children must fight to save Valhalla from the end of the world - Ragnarok.
Title: Cadet Kelly | Genres: family, tv movie, comedy | Overview: Hyperactive teenager Kelly is enrolled into a military school when her new stepfather becomes the Commandant. At first she has problems fitting in and taking orders until she tries out for the drill team.
Title: Endless Love | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A privileged girl and a charismatic boy's instant desire sparks a love affair made only more reckless by parents trying to keep them apart.
Title: DOA: Dead or Alive | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: Four beautiful rivals at an invitation-only martial-arts tournament join forces against a sinister threat. Princess Kasumi is an aristocratic warrior trained by martial-arts masters. Tina Armstrong is a wrestling superstar. Helena Douglas is an athlete with a tragic past. Christie Allen earns her keep as a thief and an assassin-for-hire.
Title: Mercy | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A single mom and her two boys help take care of their grandmother with mystical powers.
Title: Henry & June | Genres: romance | Overview: While traveling in Paris, author Henry Miller and his wife, June, meet Anais Nin, and sexual sparks fly as Nin starts an affair with the openly bisexual June. When June is forced to return to the U.S., she gives Nin her blessing to sleep with her husband. Then, when June returns to France, an unexpected, and sometimes contentious, threesome forms.
Title: Miami Supercops | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: In 1978, $20 million was stolen from a Detroit bank. One of the robbers was caught, one was found dead, and the third disappeared. The money was never found. Seven years later, the robber who was caught was released from jail. He immediately went to Miami, only to be found dead the next day. Now FBI agents Doug Bennet and Steve Forest have been called in to investigate the case while posing as Miami police officers. Somewhere in Miami the third robber is hiding with his $20 million, and he has a seven-year head start on the authorities.
Title: 4/20 Massacre | Genres: horror, action | Overview: A group of five women go camping in the woods to celebrate a friend's birthday over 4/20 weekend. But when they cross the turf of an illegal marijuana grow operation they must struggle to survive the living nightmare.
Title: Grandma's Boy | Genres: comedy | Overview: Even though he's 35, Alex acts more like he's 13, spending his days as the world's oldest video game tester and his evenings developing the next big Xbox game. But when he gets kicked out of his apartment, he's forced to move in with his grandmother.
Title: Nicky Larson and the Cupid's Perfume | Genres: adventure, comedy | Overview: Nicky Larson is tasked to recover the perfume of Cupid, a perfume that would make anyone who uses it irresistible.
Title: Alien Nation | Genres: crime, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A few years from now, Earth will have the first contact with an alien civilisation. These aliens, known as Newcomers, slowly begin to be integrated into human society after years of quarantine.
Title: The Sacrifice | Genres: drama | Overview: Alexander, a journalist, philosopher and retired actor, celebrates a birthday with friends and family when it is announced that nuclear war has begun.
Title: The Manchurian Candidate | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: Years after his squad was ambushed during the Gulf War, Major Ben Marco finds himself having terrible nightmares. He begins to doubt that his fellow squad-mate Sergeant Raymond Shaw, now a vice-presidential candidate, is the hero he remembers him being. As Marco's doubts deepen, Shaw's political power grows, and, when Marco finds a mysterious implant embedded in his back, the memory of what really happened begins to return.
Title: Fiddler on the Roof | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: This lavishly produced and critically acclaimed screen adaptation of the international stage sensation tells the life-affirming story of Tevye (Topol), a poor milkman whose love, pride and faith help him face the oppression of turn-of-the-century Czarist Russia. Nominated for eight Academy Awards.
Title: Rabid | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: After undergoing radical surgery for injuries from a motorcycle accident, a young woman develops a strange phallic growth on her body and a thirst for human blood—the only nourishment that will now sustain her.
Title: The Brass Teapot | Genres: comedy, fantasy, thriller | Overview: When a couple discovers that a brass teapot makes them money whenever they hurt themselves, they must come to terms with how far they are willing to go.
Title: Kon-Tiki | Genres: adventure, history | Overview: The true story about legendary explorer Thor Heyerdahl and his epic crossing of the Pacific on a balsa wood raft in 1947, in an effort to prove it was possible for South Americans to settle in Polynesia in pre-Columbian times.
Title: The House of the Devil | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: In the 1980s, college student Samantha Hughes takes a strange babysitting job that coincides with a full lunar eclipse. She slowly realizes her clients harbor a terrifying secret.
Title: And So It Goes | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A self-centered realtor enlists the help of his neighbor when he's suddenly left in charge of the granddaughter he never knew existed until his estranged son drops her off at his home.
Title: The Delta Force | Genres: action, thriller, adventure | Overview: A 707 aircraft jetliner, en route from Athens to Rome and then to New York City, is hijacked by Lebanese terrorists, who demand that the pilot take them to Beirut. What the terrorists don't realize is that an elite team of commandos have been called in to eliminate all terrorists on the jetliner.
Title: Up and Away | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: Hodja is a dreamer. He wants to experience the world, but his father insists he stays home and takes over the family's tailor shop. Fortunately, Hodja meets the old rug merchant El Faza, who gives him a flying carpet. In exchange he has to bring the old man's little granddaughter, Diamond, back to Pjort. El Faza can’t travel to the Sultan city himself, as the mighty ruler has imposed a death sentence on El Faza, on the grounds that he has stolen the Sultan's carpet. However, city life isn't quite what Hodja expected, and he only survives because of Emerald, a poor but street smart girl, who teaches him how to manage in the big world. But when Hodja loses his carpet to the power-hungry sultan, his luck seems to run out. Will he complete his mission, find El Faza's granddaughter and return safely back to Pjort?
Title: Snake Eyes | Genres: thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: All bets are off when corrupt homicide cop Rick Santoro witnesses a murder during a boxing match. It's up to him and lifelong friend and naval intelligence agent Kevin Dunne to uncover the conspiracy behind the killing. At every turn, Santoro makes increasingly shocking discoveries that even he can't turn a blind eye to.
Title: An Affair to Die For | Genres: thriller | Overview: A weekend get-away for two lovers turns into a nightmare of psychological mind games when their infidelity is discovered.
Title: Like Mike | Genres: comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: Calvin and his friends, who all live in an orphanage, find old shoes with the faded letters MJ connected to a powerline. One stormy night, they go to get the shoes when Calvin and the shoes are struck by lightning. Calvin now has unbelievable basketball powers and has the chance to play for the NBA.
Title: Lady Chatterley's Lover | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A film adaptation of D.H. Lawrence's novel. After a crippling injury leaves her husband impotent, Lady Chatterly is torn between her love for her husband and her physical desires. With her husband's consent, she seeks out other means of fulfilling her needs.
Title: The Phantom of the Opera at the Royal Albert Hall | Genres: music, drama, romance | Overview: A disfigured musical genius, hidden away in the Paris Opera House, terrorises the opera company for the unwitting benefit of a young protégée whom he trains and loves. The 25th anniversary of the first public performance of Phantom of the Opera was celebrated with a grand performance at the Royal Albert Hall in London.
Title: The After Party | Genres: comedy, music | Overview: When an aspiring rapper goes viral for the wrong reasons, he thinks his career is sunk. But a wild party gives him one more chance to make it right.
Title: The Cheetah Girls | Genres: family, comedy, drama, music, tv movie | Overview: A four-member teen girl group named the Cheetah Girls go to a Manhattan High School for the Performing Arts and try to become the first freshmen to win the talent show in the school's history. During the talent show auditions, they meet a big-time producer named Jackal Johnson, who tries to make the group into superstars, but the girls run into many problems.
Title: Cabaret | Genres: music, drama, romance | Overview: Inside the Kit Kat Club of 1931 Berlin, starry-eyed singer Sally Bowles and an impish emcee sound the clarion call to decadent fun, while outside a certain political party grows into a brutal force.
Title: Always | Genres: fantasy, romance | Overview: Pete Sandich is a reckless fire-fighting pilot who is killed in what was to have been his final mission. Ascending to Heaven, Pete is introduced to business-like angel who instructs the spectral Pete to pass on his aviation knowledge to his young successor. While doing so, Pete also smoothes the course of romance for his earthly girlfriend who, after several months of grieving, finally falls in love with another man.
Title: Let the Bullets Fly | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: When circumstances force an outlaw to impersonate a county governor and clean up a corrupt town, the Robin Hood figure finds himself in a showdown with the local “godfather”.
Title: La Dolce Vita | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Journalist and man-about-town Marcello struggles to find his place in the world, torn between the allure of Rome's elite social scene and the stifling domesticity offered by his girlfriend, all the while searching for a way to become a serious writer.
Title: The Musketeer | Genres: adventure | Overview: Young D'Artagnan seeks to join the legendary musketeer brigade and avenge his father's death - but he finds that the musketeers have been disbanded.
Title: Tightrope | Genres: mystery, thriller, crime | Overview: Wes Block is a detective who's put on the case of a serial killer. His victims are young and pretty women, which he rapes and murders. The murders are getting personal when the killer chooses victims who are acquaintances of Block. Even his daughters are threatened.
Title: Labor Day | Genres: drama | Overview: Depressed single mom Adele and her son Henry offer a wounded, fearsome man a ride. As police search town for the escaped convict, the mother and son gradually learn his true story as their options become increasingly limited.
Title: The Hills Have Eyes | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: On the way to California, a family has the misfortune to have their car break down in an area closed to the public, and inhabited by violent savages ready to attack.
Title: Lords of Scam | Genres: documentary | Overview: This documentary traces the rise and crash of scammers who conned the EU carbon quota system and pocketed millions before turning on one another.
Title: The Last Man | Genres: science fiction, action, drama, thriller | Overview: Tov Matheson is a war veteran with PTSD who perceives that the apocalypse is coming. After starting a relationship with a dubious Messiah, he leaves his normal life and begins the construction of a shelter underground, training himself, in an extreme way, at the cost of losing everything and making people believe he is insane. When he also believes it, something extraordinary happens.
Title: My Cousin Vinny | Genres: comedy | Overview: Two carefree pals traveling through Alabama are mistakenly arrested, and charged with murder. Fortunately, one of them has a cousin who's a lawyer - Vincent Gambini, a former auto mechanic from Brooklyn who just passed his bar exam after his sixth try. When he arrives with his leather-clad girlfriend, to try his first case, it's a real shock - for him and the Deep South!
Title: Rebel Without a Cause | Genres: drama | Overview: After moving to a new town, troublemaking teen Jim Stark is supposed to have a clean slate, although being the new kid in town brings its own problems. While searching for some stability, Stark forms a bond with a disturbed classmate, Plato, and falls for local girl Judy. However, Judy is the girlfriend of neighborhood tough, Buzz. When Buzz violently confronts Jim and challenges him to a drag race, the new kid's real troubles begin.
Title: The Wedding Banquet | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A Taiwanese-American man is happily settled in New York with his American boyfriend. He plans a marriage of convenience to a Chinese woman in order to keep his parents off his back and to get the woman a green card. Chaos follows when his parents arrive in New York for the wedding.
Title: Freeheld | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: New Jersey car mechanic Stacie Andree and her police detective girlfriend Laurel Hester both battle to secure Hester's pension benefits after she was diagnosed with a terminal illness.
Title: Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: A card shark and his unwillingly-enlisted friends need to make a lot of cash quick after losing a sketchy poker match. To do this they decide to pull a heist on a small-time gang who happen to be operating out of the flat next door.
Title: A Walk in the Woods | Genres: adventure, comedy, drama | Overview: After spending two decades in England, Bill Bryson returns to the U.S., where he decides the best way to connect with his homeland is to hike the Appalachian Trail with one of his oldest friends.
"Title: From the Land of the Moon | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: An adaptation of Milena Agus' eponymous novel set after WWII, ""Mal de Pierres"" (""Mal di Pietre"") spans 20 years, following the destiny of a passionate, free-spirited woman who is in a loveless marriage and falls for another man."
Title: Hatchet II | Genres: horror, comedy, thriller | Overview: Picking up right where the original ended, Marybeth escapes the clutches of the deformed, swamp-dwelling iconic killer Victor Crowley. After learning the truth about her family’s connection to the hatchet-wielding madman, Marybeth returns to the Louisiana swamps along with an army of hunters to recover the bodies of her family and exact the bloodiest revenge against the bayou butcher.
Title: Rampage | Genres: action, drama, crime, thriller, mystery | Overview: The boredom of small town life is eating Bill Williamson alive. Feeling constrained and claustrophobic in the meaningless drudgery of everyday life and helpless against overwhelming global dissolution, Bill begins a descent into madness. His shockingly violent plan will shake the very foundations of society by painting the streets red with blood.
Title: One Missed Call | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: Several people start receiving voice-mails from their future selves -- messages which include the date, time, and some of the details of their deaths.
Title: Luxor | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: When British aid worker Hana returns to Luxor, a sleepy city on the banks of the Nile, she comes across Sultan, a talented archeologist and former lover. As she wanders, haunted by the familiar place, she struggles to reconcile the choices of the past with the uncertainty of the present.
Title: Hellbender | Genres: horror | Overview: A teen and her mother live simply in a home in the woods, spending their time making metal music. A chance encounter with a fellow teen causes her to uncover a connection between her family and witchcraft, which causes a rift with her mother.
Title: Hachi-ko | Genres: drama, family | Overview: The tragic, true story about Hachikō, an Akita dog who was loyal to his master, Professor Ueno, even after Ueno's death.
Title: Alligator | Genres: horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A baby alligator is flushed down a toilet and survives by eating discarded lab animals that have been injected with growth hormones. The now gigantic animal escapes the city sewers and goes on a rampage, pursued by a cop and a big-game hunter.
Title: Crash Pad | Genres: comedy | Overview: A hopeless romantic thinks he's found true love with an older woman, only to learn that she's married and that his fling is merely an instrument of revenge against her neglectful husband.
Title: Like Mike 2: Streetball | Genres: comedy, drama, family | Overview: Another young boy with 'hoop dreams' finds an old pair of Michael Jordan's sneakers and can suddenly play ball like the greatest player in the world.
Title: Lost and Delirious | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: LOST AND DELIRIOUS is the story of three adolescent girls' first love, their discovery of sexual passion, and their search for identities. Set in a posh, private boarding school surrounded by luxuriant, green forest, LOST AND DELIRIOUS moves swiftly from academic routine, homesickness, and girlish silliness to the darker region of lover's intrigue.
Title: Piranha Sharks | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: Great white sharks bio-engineered to be the size of piranhas with the purpose of living in rich peoples exotic aquariums, terrorize New York City when they get into the water supply and do what great white sharks do best.
Title: The Stepfather | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A seemingly mild mannered man -- who has just murdered his entire family -- quickly adopts a new identity and leaves town. After building a new relationship with a widow and her teenage daughter, he struggles to hide his true identity and maintain a grip on reality.
Title: Hurricane | Genres: war, drama | Overview: The story of the Polish fliers who found themselves fighting for the freedom of their own country in foreign skies. Seen through the eyes of a Polish fighter ace and adventurer, it tells how the Poles—driven across Europe by the German war machine—finally make their last stand. Flying Hurricanes for the RAF over Britain, they became a key component in the legend of ‘The Few’. Up against the might of the Luftwaffe they hoped that, by saving Great Britain from Nazi invasion, they were keeping the dream of a free Poland alive.
Title: Ages of Love | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: Roberto is a young and ambitious lawyer who is going to marry Sara. His whole life is perfectly planned out. During a expropriation which he is in charge of, he meets Micol, a gorgeous and provocative young woman from a small village in Tuscany. This is when things start to get complicated... Fabio, a famous anchorman, has been the perfect husband for twenty five years. At a party one night, he meets Eliana, a femme fatale full of surprises. This one-night stand proves to be more than what he bargained for when she refuses to leave... Adrian is an American art history professor who moved to Rome after his divorce. He is friends with Augusto, the building's concierge, whose ebullient daughter Viola is about to disrupt his peaceful existence and relight his fire
Title: Oliver! | Genres: drama, family, music | Overview: Musical adaptation of Charles Dickens' Oliver Twist, a classic tale of an orphan who runs away from the workhouse and joins up with a group of boys headed by the Artful Dodger and trained to be pickpockets by master thief Fagin.
Title: Yu Pui Tsuen III | Genres: drama | Overview: Ming Dynasty secret agent Ling Ling Ling (000) is assigned to investigate a drug poisoning involving a performance enhancing drug in the brothel, Ying Chun Kwok. Ling thought hard and finally came up a disguise as the author of Yuk Po Tuen (Sex and Zen) to sneak into the brothel. The prostitutes in order to get their names into the book all tempted Ling, who in order to appaise the ladies, turned the book into a book of dirty stories. One day, a blind servant Yuk Chu Nui (Jade Virgin) is auditioned, Ling learned that the buyer would receive the drug, so he bidded up the prices hoping to receive the evidence. Who would expect that someone else is bidding with a higher price?
Title: Tidal Wave | Genres: action, adventure, drama, thriller | Overview: On Haeundae Beach, a guilt-ridden fisherman takes care of a woman whose father accidentally got killed. A scientist reunites with his ex-wife and a daughter who doesn't even remember his face. And a poor rescue worker falls in love with a rich city girl. When they all find out a gigantic tsunami will hit the beach, they realize they only have 10 minutes to escape.
Title: Funny Games | Genres: crime, horror, thriller, drama | Overview: When Ann, husband George, and son Georgie arrive at their holiday home they are visited by a pair of polite and seemingly pleasant young men. Armed with deceptively sweet smiles and some golf clubs, they proceed to terrorize and torture the tight-knit clan, giving them until the next day to survive.
Title: Two by Two: Overboard! | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: The Honeymoon is over… How we enjoyed the party when our amphibious Nestrian chums discovered their incredible newfound agility underwater! But, when we revisit our curious, loveable pals, the entire animal kingdom’s survival is once again at stake. Amid the prospect of no new land on which to live and prosper, not to mention the ever-diminishing food resources, the mood on board the Ark is laden with mounting tensions, which regularly spill over into ark rage. Fragile peace is frequently broken with general chaos ensuing. How can our unlikely heroes help? And what lies beneath for Finny in an oceanful of possibilities when he quite literally falls into some rather surprising new company?
Title: Miracles | Genres: crime, action, comedy, drama | Overview: A country boy becomes the head of a gang through the purchase of some lucky roses from an old lady. He and a singer at the gang's nightclub try to do a good deed for the old lady when her daughter comes to visit.
Title: The Endless | Genres: science fiction, horror, thriller | Overview: Two brothers return to the cult they fled from years ago to discover that the group's beliefs may be more sane than they once thought.
Title: Grace of Monaco | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: The story of former Hollywood star Grace Kelly's crisis of marriage and identity, during a political dispute between Monaco's Prince Rainier III and France's Charles De Gaulle, and a looming French invasion of Monaco in the early 1960s.
Title: GirlHouse | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: In an attempt to make some extra cash while away at College, Kylie moves into a house that streams content to an X-rated website. After a deranged fan hacks in to determine the house's location, she finds herself in a terrifying fight for her life.
"Title: Powder | Genres: drama, fantasy, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Harassed by classmates who won't accept his shocking appearance, a shy young man known as ""Powder"" struggles to fit in. But the cruel taunts stop when Powder displays a mysterious power that allows him to do incredible things. This phenomenon changes the lives of all those around him in ways they never could have imagined."
Title: LEGO DC Comics Super Heroes: Justice League: Cosmic Clash | Genres: action, adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: Earth, a shiny jewel floating in the blackness of space... and for the robot known as Brainiac, the last piece to capture for his collection of planets. Not if the Justice League has anything to say about it!
Title: Dressed to Kill | Genres: mystery, thriller, horror | Overview: A mysterious blonde woman murders one of a psychiatrist's patients, and now she's after the prostitute who witnessed it.
Title: Breaking News in Yuba County | Genres: comedy, drama, crime, thriller | Overview: An overlooked pencil-pusher catches her husband in bed with another woman, the shock of which causes him to die of a heart attack. So she buries his body and takes advantage of the growing celebrity status that comes from having a missing husband. But she quickly finds herself in over her head, dodging cops and criminals, all while trying to keep the truth from her sister, a local news anchor who’s desperate for a story.
Title: Hope Springs | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: After thirty years of marriage, a middle-aged couple attends an intense, week-long counseling session to work on their relationship.
Title: The Big Hit | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, thriller | Overview: Affable hit man Melvin Smiley is constantly being scammed by his cutthroat colleagues in the life-ending business. So, when he and his fellow assassins kidnap the daughter of an electronics mogul, it's naturally Melvin who takes the fall when their prime score turns sour. That's because the girl is the goddaughter of the gang's ruthless crime boss. But, even while dodging bullets, Melvin has to keep his real job secret from his unsuspecting fiancée, Pam.
Title: A Company Man | Genres: drama, action | Overview: A contract killer becomes disenchanted with his line of work and spares the lives of his two latest would-be-victims. But the assassination company he works for has no intentions of letting him quit.
Title: Sexual Predator | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A female parole officer unwittingly gets involved with a handsome photographer who might be a serial killer.
Title: Romy and Michele's High School Reunion | Genres: comedy | Overview: Two not-too-bright party girls reinvent themselves for their high school reunion. Armed with a borrowed Jaguar, new clothes and the story of their success as the inventors of Post-It notes, Romy and Michele descend on their alma mater, but their façade crumbles quickly.
Title: Anatomy of a Murder | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Semi-retired Michigan lawyer Paul Biegler takes the case of Army Lt. Manion, who murdered a local innkeeper after his wife claimed that he raped her. Over the course of an extensive trial, Biegler parries with District Attorney Lodwick and out-of-town prosecutor Claude Dancer to set his client free, but his case rests on the victim's mysterious business partner, who's hiding a dark secret.
Title: Vampyros Lesbos | Genres: horror | Overview: An erotic horror tale about a vixen vampiress seducing and killing women to appease her insatiable thirst for female blood.
Title: Herbie Goes to Monte Carlo | Genres: romance, comedy, family, action, adventure | Overview: Herbie, the Volkswagen Beetle with a mind of its own, is racing in the Monte Carlo Rally. But thieves have hidden a cache of stolen diamonds in Herbie's gas tank, and are now trying to get them back.
Title: A Hero | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Rahim is in prison because of a debt he was unable to repay. During a two-day leave, he tries to convince his creditor to withdraw his complaint against the payment of part of the sum. But things don't go as planned. Is he truly a hero?
Title: Ammonite | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: In 1840s England, palaeontologist Mary Anning and a young woman sent by her husband to convalesce by the sea develop an intense relationship. Despite the chasm between their social spheres and personalities, Mary and Charlotte discover they can each offer what the other has been searching for: the realisation that they are not alone. It is the beginning of a passionate and all-consuming love affair that will defy all social bounds and alter the course of both lives irrevocably.
Title: The Mad Adventures of Rabbi Jacob | Genres: comedy | Overview: In this riot of frantic disguises and mistaken identities, Victor Pivert, a blustering, bigoted French factory owner, finds himself taken hostage by Slimane, an Arab rebel leader. The two dress up as rabbis as they try to elude not only assasins from Slimane's country, but also the police, who think Pivert is a murderer. Pivert ends up posing as Rabbi Jacob, a beloved figure who's returned to France for his first visit after 30 years in the United States. Adding to the confusion are Pivert's dentist-wife, who thinks her husband is leaving her for another woman, their daughter, who's about to get married, and a Parisian neighborhood filled with people eager to celebrate the return of Rabbi Jacob.
"Title: Fate/Grand Order: First Order | Genres: action, fantasy, animation | Overview: The year 2015 CE. The last era in which magecraft still thrived. The Chaldea Security Organization was founded to focus on preserving the continuation of human history. They observe a world which magecraft couldn't observe and science couldn't measure all to prevent the certain extinction of humanity. But one day, the future that Chaldea continued to observe disappears and humanity's extinction in 2017 becomes clear. Rather, it had already happened. The cause seems to be related to Fuyuki, a provincial town in Japan, in the year 2004 CE. There, an ""unobservable region"" that had not existed before appears. Based on the assumption that Fuyuki is the reason for humanity's extinction, Chaldea issues an order to explore, investigate, and possibly destroy this singularity – a quest for the Holy Grail, the Grand Order."
Title: Scooby-Doo and the Ghoul School | Genres: animation, mystery, family, tv movie, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Scooby, Shaggy and Scrappy Doo are on their way to a Miss Grimwood's Finishing School for Girls, where they have been hired as gym teachers. Once there, however, they find that it is actually a school for girl ghouls.
Title: Furious | Genres: fantasy, action, adventure | Overview: A story of a legendary battle, where seventeen fearless warriors defend their land against an army of thousands well-trained soldiers. In 13th-century Mongol warrior hordes and their leader, Batu Khan, control most of the known world. As the Mongols move towards Europe they invade the last Russian principality standing in their way. Little do they know, their plans are about to be ruined by a small detachment of heroic strong men led by a mysterious brave warrior. This is a story about courage, endurance and self-sacrifice for the sake of one's country. This is the story of Evpaty the Furious.
"Title: Sex: A Relationship and Not Marriage | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: The life story of a woman who doesn't want to settle for one man. Her mom nags at her to get married, her superior grills her to bring results and her boyfriend turns out to be married. Soo-kyeong comforts herself with some spicy food. One lonely birthday, she ends up having sex with the chef of the spicy food restaurant. They fit well mentally and physically so they get closer but Soo-kyeong rejects the chef's marriage proposal. The chef gets married with someone else and asks her, ""I got married with someone else like you said. Now will you have a relationship with me?"""
Title: Student Services | Genres: drama | Overview: Nineteen-year-old Laura is stressed by her first year at college when money worries distract her from her studies and so, desperate for cash, she answers an online advertisement for intimate companionship that leads her down a dangerous path.
Title: Naruto Bersyukur | Genres: drama | Overview: A short film by Marsha Timothy, adapted from short story “Naruto Bersyukur” by Pidi Baiq.
Title: Once Upon a Time in Serbia | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: This is a warm human story set between the two world wars in Leskovac, where a real miracle happens with an unusual set of circumstances and builds the history of that small place where great people live...
Title: Jessabelle | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A young woman recuperating at her father's run-down home after a tragic accident soon encounters a terrifying presence with a connection to her long-deceased mother.
Title: Mississippi Burning | Genres: drama, thriller, crime, history | Overview: Two FBI agents investigating the murder of civil rights workers during the 60s seek to breach the conspiracy of silence in a small Southern town where segregation divides black and white. The younger agent trained in FBI school runs up against the small town ways of his partner, a former sheriff.
Title: Malibu Rescue | Genres: action, comedy, family | Overview: When a long list of shenanigans lands Tyler in hot water, he’s forced to suit up and spend his summer training for an elite junior lifeguard program.
Title: Black Mirror: Bandersnatch | Genres: science fiction, mystery, drama, thriller, tv movie | Overview: In 1984, a young programmer begins to question reality as he adapts a dark fantasy novel into a video game. A mind-bending tale with multiple endings.
Title: The Taming of the Scoundrel | Genres: comedy | Overview: A rich farmer is well known for being very unkind. He's misanthropic, misogynous and cantankerous. Until he meets by chance a gorgeous girl...
Title: Fellini Satyricon | Genres: drama, fantasy | Overview: After his young lover, Gitone, leaves him for another man, Encolpio decides to kill himself, but a sudden earthquake destroys his home before he has a chance to do so. Now wandering around Rome in the time of Nero, Encolpio encounters one bizarre and surreal scene after another.
Title: Goyo: En Letra de Otro | Genres: music | Overview: The first female led En Letra de Otro music special to cover personal favorites transports us to the vibrant landscapes of her native Condoto in Chocó, Colombia. In between the stunning and elaborate music numbers, Goyo offers a glimpse of her history and influences, including the origin of her nickname, her father’s love of salsa, her rise to international recognition with the band ChocQuibTown, and her obsession with Shakira.
Title: Just Friends | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: While visiting his hometown during Christmas, a man comes face-to-face with his old high school crush whom he was best friends with – a woman whose rejection of him turned him into a ferocious womanizer.
Title: 12 Rounds 2: Reloaded | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: Nick Malloy portrays an Emergency Medical Technician (EMT) who finds himself caught in a deadly 12-round game of cat and mouse with a vigilante tied to the paramedic's past. With little time to spare and his wife's life hanging in the balance, the EMT must figure out why he's been chosen to be the pawn in this maniac's game before it's too late.
Title: 14 and Under | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: This episodic film is a close relative of Wolf Hartwig's schoolgirl report movies, made by the same people, in a similar style, around similar topics. However, this one specifically focuses on the coming-of-age aspects, to an extent that it also touches on delicate issues such as paedophilia.
Title: Paths of Glory | Genres: drama, war | Overview: A commanding officer defends three scapegoats on trial for a failed offensive that occurred within the French Army in 1916.
Title: The Taking of Deborah Logan | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: What starts as a poignant medical documentary about Deborah Logan's descent into Alzheimer's disease and her daughter's struggles as caregiver degenerates into a maddening portrayal of dementia at its most frightening, as hair-raising events begin to plague the family and crew and an unspeakable malevolence threatens to tear the very fabric of sanity from them all.
Title: Snow Buddies | Genres: family, adventure | Overview: Dylan Sprouse, Jim Belushi and Kris Kristofferson lend their voices to this family-friendly tale about a feisty pack of golden retriever puppies that embarks on an Alaskan adventure. When they find themselves stranded in the northern wilderness, the canine offspring of famed sports star Air Bud team up with an experienced sled dog and a husky pup, who teach them the importance of working together.
Title: Hotel for Dogs | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Placed in a foster home that doesn't allow pets, 16-year-old Andi and her younger brother, Bruce, turn an abandoned hotel into a home for their dog. Soon other strays arrive, and the hotel becomes a haven for every orphaned canine in town. But the kids have to do some quick thinking to keep the cops off their tails.
Title: Chicago | Genres: comedy, crime, drama | Overview: Murderesses Velma Kelly and Roxie Hart find themselves on death row together and fight for the fame that will keep them from the gallows in 1920s Chicago.
Title: The Poseidon Adventure | Genres: action, adventure, drama, thriller | Overview: When their ocean liner capsizes, a group of passengers struggle to survive and escape.
Title: LEGO Jurassic World: The Secret Exhibit | Genres: family, animation, comedy | Overview: It's 2012, and Simon Masrani has an idea for a new attraction that is guaranteed to keep Jurassic World at the forefront of theme park entertainment. It's the greatest thing since the discovery of dinosaurs, but in order for it to succeed, he needs his right-hand, can-do problem solver, Claire Dearing, to get a trio of dinosaurs across the park to the new, super-secret exhibit. Reluctantly teaming up with newcomer Owen Grady, the animal behaviorist she hired sight unseen to deliver the dinosaurs, the duo sets out on a fun-filled adventure across the island. Unfortunately, delivering the dinosaurs to the new attraction is not as easy as they thought.
Title: Come Away | Genres: fantasy, adventure | Overview: Before Alice went to Wonderland, and before Peter became Pan, they were brother and sister. When their eldest brother dies in a tragic accident, they each seek to save their parents from their downward spirals of despair until finally they are forced to choose between home and imagination, setting the stage for their iconic journeys into Wonderland and Neverland.
Title: StreetDance 3D | Genres: music, romance, drama | Overview: In order to win the Street Dance Championships, a dance crew is forced to work with ballet dancers from the Royal Dance School in exchange for rehearsal space.
Title: Manual of Love 2 | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: Nicola, paralyzed after a car crash, falls in love for his physiotherapist Lucia. Franco and Manuela, a young couple unfit to have children, fly to Barcelona for a specialized treatment for fertility. Filippo and Fosco, two gay men, decide to marry. Ernesto, waiter in a chic restaurant, has a liaison with Cecilia, the new Spanish help.
Title: Erased | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A former agent of the CIA and his estranged daughter go on the run after his employers target them for assassination.
Title: Blue Valentine | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Dean and Cindy live a quiet life in a modest neighborhood. They appear to have the world at their feet at the outset of the relationship. However, his lack of ambition and her retreat into self-absorption cause potentially irreversible cracks in their marriage.
Title: Stronger | Genres: drama | Overview: A victim of the Boston Marathon bombing in 2013 helps the police track down the killers while struggling to recover from devastating trauma.
Title: Election | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: After losing an election to become chairman of the Wo Lin Shing triad, a gang leader lashes out and tries to seize the dragon-head baton, the official symbol of a chairman's authority.
Title: Baggio: The Divine Ponytail | Genres: drama | Overview: A chronicle biopic of the 22-year career of soccer star Roberto Baggio, including depictions of his difficult debut as a player, his deep rifts with some of his coaches, his triumph over injuries and personal discovery of Buddism.
Title: How to Steal a Million | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: A woman must steal a statue from a Paris museum to help conceal her father's art forgeries.
Title: The Man with One Red Shoe | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: A man is mistaken as a spy by the CIA when he arrives at the airport with one red shoe.
Title: Angel of Mine | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: A woman grieving over the death of her daughter loses grip of reality when she begins to think her girl may still be alive.
Title: John Tucker Must Die | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: After discovering they are all dating the same same guy, three popular students from different cliques band together for revenge, so they enlist the help of a new gal in town and conspire to break the jerk's heart, while destroying his reputation.
Title: Same Kind of Different as Me | Genres: drama | Overview: International art dealer Ron Hall must befriend a dangerous homeless man in order to save his struggling marriage to his wife, a woman whose dreams will lead all three of them on the journey of their lives.
Title: Hell Baby | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: After she and her husband move into a haunted house, a woman gives birth to a demonic infant that wreaks havoc.
Title: Striking Distance | Genres: crime, action, mystery, thriller | Overview: Coming from a police family, Tom Hardy ends up fighting his uncle after the murder of his father. Tom believes the killer is another cop, and goes on the record with his allegations. Demoted to water-way duty Tom, along with new partner Jo Christman, navigate the three rivers looking for clues and discovering bodies. This time the victims are women Tom knows, he must find the killer to prove his innocence.
Title: My Babysitter's a Vampire | Genres: adventure, comedy, family, fantasy, tv movie, horror | Overview: Geeky 14-year old Ethan is left to babysit his younger sister, Jane, with his best friend Benny but after Ethan inadvertently puts Jane in harm's way, his parents hire a professional babysitter, the beautiful yet mysterious 17-year-old Sarah who, unbeknownst to them, is actually a fledgling vampire.
Title: Embrace of the Serpent | Genres: drama, adventure | Overview: The epic story of the first contact, encounter, approach, betrayal and, eventually, life-transcending friendship, between Karamakate, an Amazonian shaman, last survivor of his people, and two scientists that, over the course of 40 years, travel through the Amazon in search of a sacred plant that can heal them. Inspired by the journals of the first explorers of the Colombian Amazon, Theodor Koch-Grunberg and Richard Evans Schultes.
Title: Jakob the Liar | Genres: comedy, drama, history | Overview: In 1944 Poland, a Jewish shop keeper named Jakob is summoned to ghetto headquarters after being caught out after curfew. While waiting for the German Kommondant, Jakob overhears a German radio broadcast about Russian troop movements. Returned to the ghetto, the shopkeeper shares his information with a friend and then rumors fly that there is a secret radio within the ghetto.
Title: The Devil's Rejects | Genres: drama, horror, crime | Overview: The sequel to House of 1000 Corpses – the Firefly family are ambushed at their isolated home by Sheriff Wydell and a squad of armed men guns blazing – yet only Otis and his sister, Baby, manage to escape the barrage of bullets unharmed. Hiding out in a backwater motel, the wanted siblings wait to rendezvous with their errant father, Captain Spaulding, killing whoever happens to stand in their way.
Title: Hush | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A deaf woman is stalked by a psychotic killer in her secluded home.
Title: 21 Grams | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: This is the story of three gentle persons: Paul Rivers, an ailing mathematician lovelessly married to an English émigré; Christina Peck, an upper-middle-class suburban housewife, happily married and mother of two little girls; and Jack Jordan, an ex-convict who has found in his Christian faith the strength to raise a family. They will be brought together by a terrible accident that will change their lives. By the final frame, none of them will be the same as they will learn harsh truths about love, faith, courage, desire and guilt, and how chance can change our worlds irretrievably—forever.
Title: The Flintstones & WWE: Stone Age SmackDown! | Genres: animation, comedy, family, adventure | Overview: The WWE comes to town in the new animated film teaming the Flintstones with Bedrock-ready versions of John Cena, Daniel Bryan and more.
Title: Curly Sue | Genres: comedy, drama, family, romance | Overview: Bill Dancer and his young companion Curly Sue are the classic homeless folks with hearts of gold. Their scams are aimed not at turning a profit, but at getting enough to eat. When they scam the rich and beautiful Grey Ellison into believing she backed her Mercedes into Bill, they're only hoping for a free meal. But Grey is touched, and over the objections of her snotty fiancé.
"Title: My Lucky Stars | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Two Hong-Kong cops are sent to Tokyo to catch an ex-cop who stole a large amount of money in diamonds. After one is captured by the Ninja-gang protecting the rogue cop, the other one gets his old Orphanage gang, dubbed the ""Five Lucky Stars,"" to help him. They don't like this much, but they do it."
Title: R.A.I.D. Special Unit | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: The story of a woman who dreams to join an intervention group in the police department called RAID. Unfortunately, she is rather clumsy and both her family (and soon to be family-in-law) and a veteran of the RAID do not approve. However, Johanna is determined to prove them wrong.
"Title: My Name Is Nobody | Genres: comedy, western | Overview: Jack Beauregard, one of the greatest gunman of the Old West, only wants to retire in peace and move to Europe. But a young gunfighter, known as ""Nobody"", who idolizes Beauregard, wants him to go out in glory. So he arranges for Jack to face the 150-man gang known as The Wild Bunch and earn his place in history."
Title: Tower Block | Genres: thriller | Overview: A year after witnessing a murder, residents of Tower Block 31 find themselves being picked off by a sniper, pitting those lucky enough to be alive into a battle for survival.
Title: In a Valley of Violence | Genres: crime, thriller, western, action | Overview: The story of a drifter named Paul who arrives in a small town seeking revenge on the thugs who murdered his friend. Sisters Mary Anne and Ellen, who run the town's hotel, help Paul in his quest for vengeance.
Title: Tell It to the Bees | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Dr. Jean Markham returns to the town she left as a teenager to take over her late father's medical practice. When a school-yard scuffle lands Charlie in her surgery, she invites him to visit the hives in her garden and tell his secrets to the bees, as she once did. The new friendship between the boy and the bee keeper brings his mother Lydia into Jean's world.
Title: Identifying Features | Genres: drama | Overview: Magdalena, a mother in search of her missing son, meets Miguel, recently deported from the US and looking for his mother. Together, they make their way through the desolate and unforgiving militia-ridden landscapes south of the border.
Title: Amen. | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Kurt Gerstein—a member of the Institute for Hygiene of the Waffen-SS—is horrified by what he sees in the death camps. he is then shocked to learn that the process he used to purify water for his troops by using Zyklon-B, is now used to kill people in gas chambers.
Title: House on Haunted Hill | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: A remake of the 1959 film of the same name. A millionaire offers a group of diverse people $1,000,000 to spend the night in a haunted house with a horrifying past.
Title: The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Four best friends (Tibby, Lena, Carmen &amp; Bridget) who buy a mysterious pair of pants that fits each of them, despite their differing sizes, and makes whoever wears them feel fabulous. When faced with the prospect of spending their first summer apart, the pals decide they'll swap the pants so that each girl in turn can enjoy the magic.
Title: Macbeth | Genres: war, drama, adventure | Overview: Feature film adaptation of Shakespeare's Scottish play about General Macbeth whose ambitious wife urges him to use wicked means in order to gain power of the throne over the sitting king, Duncan.
Title: And Soon the Darkness | Genres: horror, thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: When two American girls on a bike trip in a remote part of Argentina split up and one of them goes missing, the other must find her before her worst fears are realized.
Title: Sobibor | Genres: war, drama | Overview: The film is based on a real story that happened in 1943 in the Sobibor concentration camp in German-occupied Poland. The main character of the movie is the Soviet-Jewish soldier Alexander Pechersky, who at that time was serving in the Red Army as a lieutenant. In October 1943, he was captured by the Nazis and deported to the Sobibor concentration camp, where Jews were being exterminated in gas chambers. But, in just 3 weeks, Alexander was able to plan an international uprising of prisoners from Poland and Western Europe. This uprising resulted in being the only successful one throughout the war, which led to the largest escape of prisoners from a Nazi concentration camp.
Title: Monster Island | Genres: animation, adventure, family, comedy | Overview: Young Lucas finds out he's not really a human after he surprisingly transforms into a monster in front of the most popular kids at school. His search for Monster Island and his real roots takes him on a fabulously scary journey that puts him face to face with more tentacles, fangs and far-out situations than he can shake one of his new wings at.
Title: 30 Nights of Paranormal Activity With the Devil Inside the Girl With the Dragon Tattoo | Genres: comedy | Overview: After a stint in a psychiatric hospital, a young woman returns to the house where her father killed the entire cast of The Artist during his exorcism.
Title: Phantom Halo | Genres: thriller, crime, drama | Overview: Two brothers barely scrape by as their father continues to gamble and drink away the money they do bring home. They hatch a plan for a robbery but at what price?
"Title: The Land Before Time XI: Invasion of the Tinysauruses | Genres: animation, family, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: While trying to obtain ""Tree Sweets,"" Littlefoot falls into the tree and knocks down all the blossoms attracting the Tinysauruses. They devour the plants and disappear. But Littlefoot isn't blamed for the disappearance. Instead, he accidentally makes the adults believe the tiny dinosaurs were the main cause. Now Littlefoot and his friends must protect the tiny herd and learn the value of honesty."
Title: LEGO Jurassic World: The Indominus Escape | Genres: family, animation, comedy | Overview: The scientists of Jurassic World create a captivating and terrifying new creature that loves hot dogs. But what happens when the hot dogs run out?
Title: Jiro Dreams of Sushi | Genres: documentary | Overview: Revered sushi chef Jiro Ono strives for perfection in his work, while his eldest son, Yoshikazu, has trouble living up to his father's legacy.
Title: Dream House | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: Publisher Will Atenton quits a lucrative job in New York to relocate his wife, Libby, and their daughters to a quaint town in New England. However, as they settle into their home the Atentons discover that a woman and her children were murdered there, and the surviving husband is the town's prime suspect. With help from a neighbor who was close to the murdered family, Will pieces together a horrifying chain of events.
Title: The Day the Earth Stood Still | Genres: drama, science fiction | Overview: An alien and a robot land on Earth after World War II and tell mankind to be peaceful or face destruction.
Title: Ms .45 | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: A shy and mute seamstress goes insane after being attacked and raped twice in one day. She wanders the New York streets at night in a sexy black dress with her attacker's gun strapped to her garter belt, blowing away any man who tries to pick her up.
"Title: Cool Hand Luke | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: When petty criminal Luke Jackson is sentenced to two years in a Florida prison farm, he doesn't play by the rules of either the sadistic warden or the yard's resident heavy, Dragline, who ends up admiring the new guy's unbreakable will. Luke's bravado, even in the face of repeated stints in the prison's dreaded solitary confinement cell, ""the box,"" make him a rebel hero to his fellow convicts and a thorn in the side of the prison officers."
Title: The To Do List | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Feeling pressured to become more sexually experienced before she goes to college, Brandy Klark makes a list of things to accomplish before hitting campus in the fall.
Title: Crayon Shin-chan: Unkokusai's Ambition | Genres: animation | Overview: A time traveler claims that bad guys are trying to change the past! Shin-chan is on the case, going back in time to defeat the evil Lord Unkokusai.
"Title: Courage Under Fire | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery, war | Overview: A US Army officer, who made a ""friendly fire"" mistake that was covered up, has been reassigned to a desk job. He is tasked to investigate a female chopper commander's worthiness to be awarded the Medal of Honor. At first all seems in order. But then he begins to notice inconsistencies between the testimonies of the witnesses..."
Title: Tom and Jerry: The Lost Dragon | Genres: family, animation, comedy | Overview: Tom and Jerry find a dragon egg, and help the baby dragon find its mother.
Title: Cantinflas | Genres: drama | Overview: Mike Todd is a Broadway producer struggling to produce the film. Around the World in 80 Days. In Mexico, Mario Moreno, a young entertainer is struggling to get some respect, and he manages to become a star. A twist of faith makes them partners. Together they won the Oscar for Best Picture.
Title: Green Zone | Genres: war, action, adventure, drama, thriller | Overview: During the U.S.-led occupation of Baghdad in 2003, Chief Warrant Officer Roy Miller and his team of Army inspectors are dispatched to find weapons of mass destruction believed to be stockpiled in the Iraqi desert. Rocketing from one booby-trapped and treacherous site to the next, the men search for deadly chemical agents but stumble instead upon an elaborate cover-up that threatens to invert the purpose of their mission.
Title: The Enforcer | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Dirty Harry Callahan returns again, this time saddled with a rookie female partner. Together, they must stop a terrorist group consisting of angry Vietnam veterans.
Title: The Search for Santa Paws | Genres: family, adventure | Overview: In the tradition of disney's classic holiday tales comes a heartwarming movie about the power of giving and the true meaning of christmas. Discover how the legendary friendship of Santa Claus and Santa Paws began in the inspiring original film, The Search For Santa Paws. When Santa and his new best friend, Paws, discover that the boys and girls of the world have lost the spirit of the season, they take a trip to New York City. But after Santa loses his memory, it's up to Paws, a faithful orphan named Quinn, her new friend Will, and a wonderful group of magical talking dogs to save St. Nick and show the world what Christmas is really all about.
Title: The Human Condition II: Road to Eternity | Genres: war, drama, history | Overview: Kaji is sent to the Japanese army labeled Red and is mistreated by the vets. Along his assignment, Kaji witnesses cruelties in the army and revolts against the abusive treatment against the recruit Obara. He also sees his friend Shinjô Ittôhei defecting to the Russian border, and he ends in the front to fight a lost battle against the Russian tanks division.
Title: Marvel Knights: Eternals | Genres: animation | Overview: You are thousands of years old. You have amazing powers. You have watched civilizations rise and fall. So why does no one remember any of this? Best-selling author, Neil Gaiman (Marvel: 1602) is joined by superstar artist, John Romita. Jr. (Amazing Spider-Man), to bring you the extraordinary tale of The Eternals. Medical student Mark Curry's world is turned upside-down when he meets Ike Harris, a man who believes that he is part of a centuries-old race of super-powered beings put here on Earth by aliens to preserve and safeguard the planet — and even crazier, tried to convince Mark that he is one too.
Title: The New Guy | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Nerdy high school senior Dizzy Harrison has finally gotten lucky -- after purposely getting expelled, he takes lessons in 'badass cool' from a convict and enrolls at a new school. But can he keep up the ruse?
Title: The Hunter's Prayer | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: An assassin forges an unlikely partnership with one of his targets: a woman seeking revenge for the murder of her family.
Title: The Absent One | Genres: thriller | Overview: Denmark, 2014. A former police officer asks Carl Mørck, head of Department Q, to find out who brutally killed his young twins in 1994. Although a local inhabitant confessed and was convicted of murder, Carl and his partner Assad soon realize that there is something in the case resolution that is terribly wrong.
Title: Nine Lives | Genres: fantasy, comedy, family | Overview: A stuffy businessman finds himself trapped inside the body of his family's cat.
Title: All American Bikini Car Wash | Genres: comedy | Overview: An enterprising college student agrees to run his professor's Las Vegas car wash to avoid flunking out of school. But it's Vegas gone wild when he decides to staff it with gorgeous bikini-clad girls.
Title: 2046 | Genres: fantasy, drama, science fiction, romance | Overview: Women enter and exit a science fiction author's life over the course of a few years after the author loses the woman he considers his one true love.
Title: Kiki's Delivery Service | Genres: adventure, comedy, fantasy, mystery | Overview: A young girl named Kiki (Fuka Koshiba) must leave her home for a year to begin training in witchcraft. She leaves on her broom, but first says goodbye to her friends and family. Kiki then begins her new life with her trusted cat Jiji.
Title: Days of Being Wild | Genres: crime, drama, romance | Overview: Yuddy, a Hong Kong playboy known for breaking girls' hearts, tries to find solace and the truth after discovering the woman who raised him isn't his mother.
Title: Quarantine | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: A television reporter and her cameraman are trapped inside a building quarantined by the CDC after the outbreak of a mysterious virus which turns humans into bloodthirsty killers.
Title: The Wasteland | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: Lucía and her son live isolated from society in a flat place where there’s practically no life. The small family unit formed by mother and son hardly ever receives visitors, and their goal is to lead a quiet existence. At first they succeed, but the appearance of a mysterious, violent creature that starts stalking their small house will put the relationship that unites them to the test.
Title: American Pastoral | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: Set in postwar America, a man watches his seemingly perfect life fall apart as his daughter's new political affiliation threatens to destroy their family.
Title: Above the Shadows | Genres: fantasy, romance | Overview: A young woman who has faded to the point of becoming invisible must find her way back with the help of the one man who can see her.
Title: The Doors | Genres: music, drama | Overview: The story of the famous and influential 1960s rock band and its lead singer and composer, Jim Morrison.
"Title: Futurama: Into the Wild Green Yonder | Genres: animation, comedy, science fiction, tv movie | Overview: Leela becomes an outlaw when she and a group of ecologically-minded feminists attempt to save an asteroid of primitive life forms and the Violet Dwarf star from being destroyed, while Fry joins a secret society and attempts to stop a mysterious species known as the ""Dark Ones"" from destroying all life in the universe."
Title: Little Bitches | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: A group of friends vow to open their college acceptance letters at the same time during the big end-of -year party.
Title: El padrino: The Latin Godfather | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: In the streets of East Los Angeles, Manny is a formidable drug dealer. Impressed by his extravagant lifestyle and prowess, his young son, Kilo, yearns to follow in his footsteps. Kilo resolves to learn how to prosper in the drug world, and his new life as a dealer begins. In a world where a man wants everything, he may end up with nothing.
Title: The Eye | Genres: horror | Overview: A blind concert violinist gets a cornea transplant allowing her to see again. However, she gets more than she bargained for when she realizes her new eye can see ghosts. She sets out to find the origins of the cornea and discover the fate of its former host.
Title: Paris, 13th District | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Émilie meets Camille who is attracted to Nora, who crosses paths with Amber. Three girls and a boy – They’re friends, sometimes lovers and often both.
Title: The Kid | Genres: fantasy, comedy, family | Overview: Powerful businessman Russ Duritz is self-absorbed and immersed in his work. But by the magic of the moon, he meets Rusty, a chubby, charming 8-year-old version of himself who can't believe he could turn out so badly -- with no life and no dog. With Rusty's help, Russ is able to reconcile the person he used to dream of being with the man he's actually become.
Title: A League of Their Own | Genres: comedy, drama, family | Overview: As America's stock of athletic young men is depleted during World War II, a professional all-female baseball league springs up in the Midwest, funded by publicity-hungry candy maker Walter Harvey. Competitive sisters Dottie Hinson and Kit Keller spar with each other, scout Ernie Capadino and grumpy has-been coach Jimmy Dugan on their way to fame.
Title: Water Lilies | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Set during a sultry summer in a French suburb, Marie is desperate to join the local pool's synchronized swimming team, but is her interest solely for the sake of sport or for a chance to get close to Floriane, the bad girl of the team? Sciamma, and the two leads, capture the uncertainty of teenage sexuality with a sympathetic eye in this delicate drama of the angst of coming-of-age.
Title: Miracle on 34th Street | Genres: comedy, drama, family | Overview: Kris Kringle, seemingly the embodiment of Santa Claus, is asked to portray the jolly old fellow at Macy's following his performance in the Thanksgiving Day parade. His portrayal is so complete that many begin to question if he truly is Santa Claus, while others question his sanity.
Title: Ronal the Barbarian | Genres: animation, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Ronal is a young barbarian with low self-esteem, the polar opposite of all the muscular barbarians in his village. He's a real wuss. However, as fate would have it, responsibility for the tribe's survival falls on Ronal's scrawny shoulders, when the evil Lord Volcazar raids the village and abducts every living barbarian with the exception of Ronal, who is forced to go on a perilous quest to save his enslaved clan and thwart Volcazar’s plot to rule the world. Along the way, our unlikely hero is joined by Alibert the buttery bard, Zandra the gorgeous shield-maiden and Elric the metrosexual elfin guide. To ultimately vanquish the enemy, the band must overcome awesome challenges.
Title: Made in Dagenham | Genres: comedy, drama, history | Overview: A dramatization of the 1968 strike at the Ford Dagenham car plant, where female workers walked out in protest against sexual discrimination.
Title: The Limehouse Golem | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: A series of murders has shaken the community to the point where people believe that only a legendary creature from dark times – the mythical Golem – must be responsible.
Title: Cyrano de Bergerac | Genres: drama, comedy, history, romance | Overview: Embarrassed by his large nose, a romantic poet/soldier romances his cousin by proxy.
Title: Operation Petticoat | Genres: action, comedy, romance | Overview: A World War II submarine commander finds himself stuck with a damaged sub, a con-man executive officer, and a group of army nurses.
Title: ASSEMBLED: The Making of Hawkeye | Genres: documentary | Overview: Join the likes of Jeremy Renner, Hailee Steinfeld, Florence Pugh, and Vincent D’Onofrio as they reveal how Marvel Studios’ “Hawkeye” was conceived and created. Witness firsthand what it took to pull off the show’s pulse-pounding action set pieces, and discover how iconic characters from the pages of Marvel Comics such as Kate Bishop were adapted and brought to life for the six-episode series.
Title: The Last Unicorn | Genres: fantasy, animation, family, adventure | Overview: From a riddle-speaking butterfly, a unicorn learns that she is supposedly the last of her kind, all the others having been herded away by the Red Bull. The unicorn sets out to discover the truth behind the butterfly's words. She is eventually joined on her quest by Schmendrick, a second-rate magician, and Molly Grue, a now middle-aged woman who dreamed all her life of seeing a unicorn. Their journey leads them far from home, all the way to the castle of King Haggard.
Title: Un Chien Andalou | Genres: fantasy, horror | Overview: Un Chien Andalou is an European avant-garde surrealist film, a collaboration between director Luis Buñuel and Salvador Dali.
"Title: The Hurricane | Genres: drama | Overview: The story of Rubin ""Hurricane"" Carter, a boxer wrongly imprisoned for murder, and the people who aided in his fight to prove his innocence."
Title: The Greatest Game Ever Played | Genres: drama | Overview: A biopic of 20-year-old Francis Ouimet who defeated his golfing idol and 1900 US Open Champion, Harry Vardon.
Title: Joy Ride 3 | Genres: thriller | Overview: Rusty Nail is back on the road again looking to punish injustice at every turn - and this time it's with a group of hotheaded street racers on their way to the Road Rally 1000. As they drive through a desolate shortcut on the way to the race, an encounter with Rusty turns sour and soon he is tracking, teasing and torturing them until the end of the road.
Title: Antitrust | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: A computer programmer's dream job at a hot Portland-based firm turns nightmarish when he discovers his boss has a secret and ruthless means of dispatching anti-trust problems.
Title: Chocolate | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: Zen, an autistic teenage girl with powerful martial arts skills, gets money to pay for her sick mother Zin's treatment by seeking out all the people who owe Zin money and making them pay.
"Title: The Royal Tenenbaums | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Royal Tenenbaum and his wife Etheline had three children and then they separated. All three children are extraordinary --- all geniuses. Virtually all memory of the brilliance of the young Tenenbaums was subsequently erased by two decades of betrayal, failure, and disaster. Most of this was generally considered to be their father's fault. ""The Royal Tenenbaums"" is the story of the family's sudden, unexpected reunion one recent winter."
Title: Van Helsing: The London Assignment | Genres: action, animation, fantasy, horror | Overview: It tells of the events before the film, in which monster hunter Gabriel Van Helsing travels to London to investigate a series of horrific, and decidedly supernatural murders, being committed by the mad scientist Dr. Jekyll, in the form of his evil alter-ego, Mr. Hyde.
Title: Norman: The Moderate Rise and Tragic Fall of a New York Fixer | Genres: comedy, thriller, drama | Overview: A financial schemer finds himself in the middle of an international scandal after he becomes a political adviser to the new Prime Minister of Israel.
Title: Franco Escamilla: Por La Anécdota | Genres: comedy | Overview: Mexican stand-up comedian Franco Escamilla draws his jokes from real-life experiences -- and he's willing to do anything for new material. He's not afraid to make generalizations about how men bathe. But he is scared to talk to strangers. Especially at funerals.
Title: The Thomas Crown Affair | Genres: crime, drama, romance, thriller | Overview: Young businessman, Thomas Crown is bored and decides to plan a robbery and assigns a professional agent with the right information to the job. However, Crown is soon betrayed yet cannot blow his cover because he’s in love.
Title: Spy Hard | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: The evil Gen. Rancor has his sights set on world domination, and only one man can stop him: Dick Steele, also known as Agent WD-40. Rancor needs to obtain a computer circuit for the missile that he is planning to fire, so Steele teams up with Veronique Ukrinsky, a KGB agent whose father designed the chip. Together they try to locate the evil mastermind's headquarters, where Veronique's father and several other hostages are being held.
Title: Lovestruck: The Musical | Genres: comedy, fantasy, romance, music, tv movie | Overview: Harper was one of the best dancers to hit Broadway, but an injury caused her to leave the spotlight, become a choreographer, and raise her daughter Mirabella. When Mirabella decides to quit the show to get married, her mother is determined to put a stop to the wedding and show Mirabella that she cannot give up her career for love.
Title: Kaboom | Genres: comedy, mystery, romance, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Smith, a typical young college student who likes partying and engaging in acts of random sex and debauchery, has been having some interesting dreams revolving around two gorgeous women -- and is shocked when he meets the dream girls in real life. Lorelei looks just like his fantasy brunette, while a mysterious red-haired girl being chased by assassins draws him into an international conspiracy. Or is it all just a drug-induced hallucination?
Title: Masters of the Universe | Genres: action, fantasy, science fiction, adventure, thriller | Overview: The world of Eternia in the aftermath of Skeletor's war on Castle Grayskull, which he has won after seizing Grayskull and the surrounding city using a cosmic key developed by the locksmith Gwildor. The Sorceress is now Skeletor's prisoner and he begins to drain her life-force as he waits for the moon of Eternia to align with the Great Eye of the Universe that will bestow god-like power upon him.
Title: Sing Street | Genres: comedy, romance, drama, music | Overview: A boy growing up in Dublin during the 1980s escapes his strained family life by starting a band to impress the mysterious girl he likes.
Title: The Last Word | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A retired businesswoman – who tries to control everything around her – decides to write her own obituary. A young journalist takes up the task of finding out the truth, and the result is a life-altering friendship.
Title: The Protector | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, crime, drama | Overview: Billy Wong is a New York City cop whose partner is gunned down during a robbery. Billy and his new partner, Danny Garoni, are working security at a fashion show when a wealthy man's daughter, Laura Shapiro, is kidnapped. The Federal authorities suspect that Laura's father is involved with Mr. Ko, a Hong Kong drug kingpin, so the NYC police commissioner sends the two cops to Hong Kong to investigate.
Title: The Hustler | Genres: drama | Overview: Fast Eddie Felson is a small-time pool hustler with a lot of talent but a self-destructive attitude. His bravado causes him to challenge the legendary Minnesota Fats to a high-stakes match.
Title: Omen III: The Final Conflict | Genres: horror | Overview: Damien Thorn has helped rescue the world from a recession, appearing to be a benign corporate benefactor. When he then becomes U.S. Ambassador to the United Kingdom, Damien fulfills a terrifying biblical prophecy. He also faces his own potential demise as an astronomical event brings about the second coming of Christ.
Title: Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: Dr. Henry Jekyll believes that there are two distinct sides to men - a good and an evil side. He believes that by separating the two, man can become liberated. He succeeds in his experiments with chemicals to accomplish this and transforms into Hyde to commit horrendous crimes. When he discontinues use of the drug, it is already too late.
Title: How I Live Now | Genres: drama, action, thriller, war | Overview: An American girl on holiday in the English countryside with her family finds herself in hiding and fighting for her survival as war breaks out.
Title: Hellboy Animated: Blood and Iron | Genres: tv movie, fantasy, animation, horror, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: When Hellboy, Liz Sherman, and Abe Sapien are assigned to investigate the ghost-infested mansion of a publicity-hound billionaire, they uncover a plot to resurrect a beautiful yet monstrous vampire from Professor Bruttenholm’s past. But before they can stop her bloodbath, Hellboy will have to battle harpies, hellhounds, a giant werewolf, and even the ferocious goddess Hecate herself.
"Title: Mimic 2 | Genres: horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: When a cockroach-spread plague threatened to decimate the child population of New York City in the original Mimic, biologist Susan Tyler and her research associates developed a species of ""Judas"" bugs and introduced them into the environment, where they were to ""mimic"" the diseased roaches and infiltrate their grubby habitats. The plan worked until the bugs evolved to mimic their next prey.....humans! Just when they were all thought to be dead, the giant cockroaches are back, and this time they've mutated to take on human form!"
Title: The Switch | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: An unmarried 40-year-old woman turns to a turkey baster in order to become pregnant. Seven years later, she reunites with her best friend, who has been living with a secret: he replaced her preferred sperm sample with his own.
Title: The Miracle Maker | Genres: animation, family, history | Overview: A mother and father in search of help for their sick daughter cross paths with an extraordinary carpenter named Jesus, who has devoted his life to spreading God's word. An amazing miracle brings to light the true meaning of Christ, and the sacrifices he endured for the deliverance of mankind. A compelling story of faith, trust, and devotion.
Title: The Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause | Genres: comedy, family, adventure | Overview: Now that Santa and Mrs. Claus have the North Pole running smoothly, the Counsel of Legendary Figures has called an emergency meeting on Christmas Eve! The evil Jack Frost has been making trouble, looking to take over the holiday! So he launches a plan to sabotage the toy factory and compel Scott to invoke the little-known Escape Clause and wish he'd never become Santa.
Title: Infernal Affairs | Genres: drama, action, thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: Chan Wing Yan, a young police officer, has been sent undercover as a mole in the local mafia. Lau Kin Ming, a young mafia member, infiltrates the police force. Years later, their older counterparts, Chen Wing Yan and Inspector Lau Kin Ming, respectively, race against time to expose the mole within their midst.
Title: Day of the Mummy | Genres: adventure, horror, action | Overview: Welcome to Egypt, land of the Pharaohs. A place steeped in history and legend; Gods and spiritual guides; untold wealth – and the bone-cracking, blood-spilling guardians of its riches. Jack Wells has arrived in Egypt in search of the famous diamond known as The Codex Stone. His journey leads him to the tomb of the cursed King Neferu, cursed not by name but by nature. With his centuries-old slumber disturbed by timeless human greed, the King rises from the dead with a blood-lust that cannot be quenched and a raging fury that will shred flesh from bone, bringing terrible and tormented death to all who dare witness the Day of the Mummy.
Title: Le Samouraï | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: In a career-defining performance, Alain Delon plays Jef Costello, a contract killer with samurai instincts. After carrying out a flawlessly planned hit, Jef finds himself caught between a persistent police investigator and a ruthless employer, and not even his armor of fedora and trench coat can protect him. An elegantly stylized masterpiece of cool by maverick director Jean‑Pierre Melville, Le samouraï is a razor-sharp cocktail of 1940s American gangster cinema and 1960s French pop culture—with a liberal dose of Japanese lone-warrior mythology.
Title: The Siege of Jadotville | Genres: war, drama, thriller | Overview: Irish Commandant Pat Quinlan leads a stand off with troops against French and Belgian Mercenaries in the Congo during the early 1960s.
"Title: My Partner 2.0 | Genres: comedy, adventure | Overview: Vito (at present 70 years old) continues in his random adventures: blackmailed by the Patron, a fearsome drug trafficker who Vito managed to lock up in a maximum security prison, now lives hidden in a small Amazonian town. Gone are the glorious days of truck driver with his truck ""My Partner"". When Vito finally is placed by the son of the Patron, and is in serious trouble, he has no choice but to seek the help of his former assistant Brillo through his daughter Camila. Will Vito return to travel the roads of Bolivia with his old truck ""MY PARTNER""? —Paolo Agazzi"
Title: The Book of Love | Genres: drama | Overview: After tragedy strikes Henry and Penny, he befriends a tenacious young girl and discovers she is constructing a raft to sail across the Atlantic to find her lost father. Together, along with some unlikely friends, they set forth to construct the vessel and subsequently rebuild their lives.
Title: The Sweetest Thing | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Christina's love life is stuck in neutral. After years of avoiding the hazards of a meaningful relationship, one night while club-hopping with her girlfriends, she meets Peter, her perfect match. Fed up with playing games, she finally gets the courage to let her guard down and follow her heart, only to discover that Peter has suddenly left town. Accompanied by Courtney, she sets out to capture the one that got away.
Title: The Curse of Sleeping Beauty | Genres: fantasy, horror | Overview: Thomas Kaiser inherits an ancestral mansion that has been in his family for generations — only to learn that he has also inherited an ancient curse stemming back to the Crusades. Forced into his new role as “protector” — the guardian appointed to keep the evil demons in the house at bay — Thomas teams with an ambitious local realtor and paranormal cleric to unravel the mystery of the house, while struggling to awaken the beautiful Briar Rose, held captive in a terrifying netherworld seen previously in his dreams.
Title: Swimming Pool | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: A British crime novelist travels to her publisher's upmarket summer house in Southern France to seek solitude in order to work on her next book. However, the unexpected arrival of the publisher's daughter induces complications and a subsequent crime.
Title: Final Analysis | Genres: drama, thriller, romance | Overview: A psychiatrist becomes romantically involved with the sister of one of his patients, but the influence of her controlling gangster husband threatens to destroy them both.
Title: Cube Zero | Genres: mystery, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Cube Zero is the third film in the trilogy yet this time instead of a film about people trapped in a deadly cube trying to get out we see it from the eyes of someone who is controlling the cube and the torture of the victims inside. When the nerd can’t stand to see a woman suffer he himself enters the cube to try and save her.
Title: Jo Pil-ho: The Dawning Rage | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: On the run from a dogged internal affairs agent, a corrupt cop reluctantly teams up with a defiant teen to unravel a conspiracy before it's too late.
Title: Girl in the Box | Genres: drama | Overview: A hitchhiking woman is abducted by a young couple and held captive for seven years, during which time she's tortured and forced to live as a slave to her captors.
Title: Third Person | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: An acclaimed novelist struggles to write an analysis of love in one of three stories, each set in a different city, that detail the beginning, middle and end of a relationship.
Title: The Campaign | Genres: comedy | Overview: Two rival politicians compete to win an election to represent their small North Carolina congressional district in the United States House of Representatives.
Title: Barney's Version | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: The picaresque and touching story of the politically incorrect, fully lived life of the impulsive, irascible and fearlessly blunt Barney Panofsky.
Title: 3 Ninjas | Genres: family, action, adventure, comedy | Overview: Each year, three brothers Samuel, Jeffrey and Michael Douglas visits their Japanese grandfather, Mori Shintaro whom the boys affectionately refer to as Grandpa, for the summer. Mori is a highly skilled in the fields of Martial arts and Ninjutsu, and for years he has trained the boys in his techniques. After an organized crime ring proves to be too much for the FBI, it's time for the 3 brother NINJAS! To use their martial arts skills, they team up to battle the crime ring and outwit some very persistent kidnappers!
Title: Ugetsu | Genres: fantasy, drama, mystery | Overview: In 16th century Japan, peasants Genjuro and Tobei sell their earthenware pots to a group of soldiers in a nearby village, in defiance of a local sage's warning against seeking to profit from warfare. Genjuro's pursuit of both riches and the mysterious Lady Wakasa, as well as Tobei's desire to become a samurai, run the risk of destroying both themselves and their wives, Miyagi and Ohama.
Title: The Gallows | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: 20 years after a horrific accident during a small town school play, students at the school resurrect the failed show in a misguided attempt to honor the anniversary of the tragedy - but soon discover that some things are better left alone.
Title: The Beatles: Eight Days a Week - The Touring Years | Genres: documentary | Overview: The Beatles stormed through Europe's music scene in 1963, and, in 1964, they conquered America. Their groundbreaking world tours changed global youth culture forever and, arguably, invented mass entertainment as we know it today. All the while, the group were composing and recording a series of extraordinarily successful singles and albums. However the relentless pressure of such unprecedented fame, that in 1966 became uncontrollable turmoil, led to the decision to stop touring. In the ensuing years The Beatles were then free to focus on a series of albums that changed the face of recorded music.
Title: The Painted Veil | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: A British medical doctor fights a cholera outbreak in a small Chinese village, while also being trapped at home in a loveless marriage to an unfaithful wife.
Title: Blancanieves | Genres: drama, fantasy | Overview: A black and white silent movie, based on the Snow White fairy tale, that is set in a romantic version of 1920s Seville and centered on a female bullfighter.
Title: Darkman | Genres: action, science fiction, crime | Overview: Dr. Peyton Westlake is on the verge of realizing a major breakthrough in synthetic skin when his laboratory is destroyed by gangsters. Having been burned beyond recognition and forever altered by an experimental medical procedure, Westlake becomes known as Darkman, assuming alternate identities in his quest for revenge and a new life with a former love.
Title: Project A: Part II | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Dragon is now transferred to be the police head of Sai Wan district, and has to contend with a gangster kingpin, anti-Manchu revolutionaries, some runaway pirates, Manchu Loyalists and a corrupt police superintendent.
"Title: Disaster Movie | Genres: comedy | Overview: The filmmaking team behind the hits ""Scary Movie,"" ""Date Movie,"" ""Epic Movie"" and ""Meet The Spartans"" this time puts its unique, inimitable stamp on one of the biggest and most bloated movie genres of all time -- the disaster film."
Title: Charlie Wilson's War | Genres: comedy, drama, history | Overview: The true story of Texas congressman Charlie Wilson's covert dealings in Afghanistan, where his efforts to assist rebels in their war with the Soviets had some unforeseen and long-reaching effects.
Title: Cry-Baby | Genres: comedy, music, romance | Overview: A prim and proper schoolgirl goes against her grandmother's wishes when she dates a motorcycle-riding juvenile delinquent.
Title: Milk | Genres: history, drama | Overview: The true story of Harvey Milk, the first openly gay man ever elected to public office. In San Francisco in the late 1970s, Harvey Milk becomes an activist for gay rights and inspires others to join him in his fight for equal rights that should be available to all Americans.
Title: Like a Cat on a Highway | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: The story of an encounter between a bourgeois man and a poor woman, because their teenage children fall in love.
Title: The Devil's Double | Genres: drama, action, thriller, crime, war | Overview: A chilling vision of the House of Saddam Hussein comes to life through the eyes of the man who was forced to become the double of Hussein's sadistic son.
Title: The Sun Is Also a Star | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Two young New Yorkers begin to fall in love over the course of a single day, as a series of potentially life-altering meetings loom over their heads - hers concerning her family’s deportation to Jamaica, and his concerning an education at Dartmouth.
Title: White Fang 2: Myth of the White Wolf | Genres: adventure, family | Overview: A boy and his dog, White Fang, must try to save the noble Haida tribe from evil white men in turn-of-the-century Alaska.
Title: Survival of the Dead | Genres: comedy, horror, thriller | Overview: On an island off the coast of North America, local residents simultaneously fight a zombie epidemic while hoping for a cure to return their un-dead relatives back to their human state.
Title: Not Without My Daughter | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: An American woman, trapped in Islamic Iran by her brutish husband, must find a way to escape with her daughter as well.
Title: Uncle Buck | Genres: comedy, drama, family | Overview: Buck Russell, a lovable but slovenly bachelor, suddenly becomes the temporary caretaker of his nephew and nieces after a family emergency. His freewheeling attitude soon causes tension with his older niece Tia, loyal girlfriend Chanice and just about everyone else who crosses his path.
"Title: Videodrome | Genres: horror, mystery, science fiction | Overview: As the president of a trashy TV channel, Max Renn is desperate for new programming to attract viewers. When he happens upon ""Videodrome,"" a TV show dedicated to gratuitous torture and punishment, Max sees a potential hit and broadcasts the show on his channel. However, after his girlfriend auditions for the show and never returns, Max investigates the truth behind Videodrome and discovers that the graphic violence may not be as fake as he thought."
Title: Vampires | Genres: action, fantasy, horror | Overview: The church enlists a team of vampire-hunters to hunt down and destroy a group of vampires searching for an ancient relic that will allow them to exist in sunlight.
Title: Money Train | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: When a vengeful New York transit cop decides to steal a trainload of subway fares, his foster brother—a fellow cop—tries to protect him.
Title: Gloria | Genres: drama, action, thriller, crime | Overview: Sharon Stone plays a street-wise, middle-aged moll standing up against the mobs, all of which is complicated by a 6 year old urchin with a will of his own who she reluctantly takes under her wing after his family has been gunned down.
Title: Your Highness | Genres: comedy, fantasy | Overview: A fantasy movie about an arrogant, lazy prince and his more heroic brother who must complete a quest in order to save their father's kingdom.
Title: For Love or Money | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: New York concierge Doug Ireland wants to go into business for himself and refurbish a hotel on Roosevelt Island, N.Y., but he needs an investor. With a few weeks left before his option on the site runs out, Doug agrees to help wealthy Christian Hanover conceal his affair with salesgirl Andy Hart from his wife. Despite his own attraction to Andy, Doug tries to stay focused on getting Christian to invest $3 million in his project.
Title: Beavis and Butt-Head Do America | Genres: animation, comedy | Overview: Mike Judge's slacker duo, Beavis and Butt-Head, wake to discover their TV has been stolen. Their search for a new one takes them on a clueless adventure across America where they manage to accidentally become America's most wanted.
Title: Philomena | Genres: drama | Overview: A woman searches for her adult son, who was taken away from her decades ago when she was forced to live in a convent.
Title: Glengarry Glen Ross | Genres: crime, drama, mystery | Overview: When an office full of Chicago real estate salesmen is given the news that all but the top two will be fired at the end of the week, the atmosphere begins to heat up. Shelley Levene, who has a sick daughter, does everything in his power to get better leads from his boss, John Williamson, but to no avail. When his coworker Dave Moss comes up with a plan to steal the leads, things get complicated for the tough-talking salesmen.
"Title: My Sex Doll | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: The story of chaos both body and mind occurs when ""Brick"" (Ton Nam - Piem Chon) receives a package of mystery that is inside ""Anna"" (Mook - Pichana) Sex Doll AI system that Able to develop themselves as human beings Brick had to try sex with Anna to test its functionality. Otherwise, he will owe $ 50 million from his father's loan to invest in making sex dolls. Everything seems to be going well. But stuck that he is still a virgin and is afraid of women! What will the bricks do next? When he is the only one who will be able to touch her"
Title: Bad Girls | Genres: romance, western | Overview: Four former harlots try to leave the wild west (Colorado, to be exact) and head north to make a better life for themselves. Unfortunately someone from Cody's past won't let it happen that easily.
"Title: The Whole Ten Yards | Genres: comedy, thriller, crime | Overview: Jimmy ""The Tulip"" Tudeski now spends his days compulsively cleaning his house and perfecting his culinary skills with his wife, Jill, a purported assassin who has yet to pull off a clean hit. Suddenly, an uninvited and unwelcome connection to their past unexpectedly shows up on Jimmy and Jill's doorstep; it's Oz, and he's begging them to help him rescue his wife, Cynthia."
Title: The French Lieutenant's Woman | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In this story-within-a-story, Anna is an actress starring opposite Mike in a period piece about the forbidden love between their respective characters, Sarah and Charles. Both actors are involved in serious relationships, but the passionate nature of the script leads to an off-camera love affair as well. While attempting to maintain their composure and professionalism, Anna and Mike struggle to come to terms with their infidelity.
Title: A Taxi Driver | Genres: action, drama, history | Overview: May, 1980. Man-seob is a taxi driver in Seoul who lives from hand to mouth, raising his young daughter alone. One day, he hears that there is a foreigner who will pay big money for a drive down to Gwangju city. Not knowing that he’s a German journalist with a hidden agenda, Man-seob takes the job.
Title: Gambit | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: An art curator decides to seek revenge on his abusive boss by conning him into buying a fake Monet, but his plan requires the help of an eccentric and unpredictable Texas rodeo queen.
Title: Overboard | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Heiress, Joanna Stayton hires carpenter, Dean Proffitt to build a closet on her yacht—and refuses to pay him for the project when it's done. But after Joanna accidentally falls overboard and loses her memory, Dean sees an opportunity to get even.
"Title: The Incredible Burt Wonderstone | Genres: comedy | Overview: After breaking up with his longtime stage partner, a famous but jaded Vegas magician fights for relevance when a new, ""hip"" street magician appears on the scene."
Title: Wuthering Heights | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The Earnshaws are Yorkshire farmers during the early 19th Century. One day, Mr. Earnshaw returns from a trip to the city, bringing with him a ragged little boy called Heathcliff. Earnshaw's son, Hindley, resents the child, but Heathcliff becomes companion and soulmate to Hindley's sister, Catherine. After her parents die, Cathy and Heathcliff grow up wild and free on the moors and despite the continued enmity between Hindley and Heathcliff they're happy -- until Cathy meets Edgar Linton, the son of a wealthy neighbor.
Title: El Padrecito | Genres: comedy | Overview: Young priest Father Sebastián is assigned to a parish in San Jeronimo el Alto, where he is not welcomed by the community, particularly the resident priest Father Damián. The newcomer gradually earns the trust of the people through humor, but firmly captures their hearts by saving the town fiesta by fighting a bull when the hired torero failed to show. Father Sebastián counsels the townspeople, lecturing them on their duties in a modern society. He used the collection plate to redistribute the town's wealth more evenly.
Title: Holidays | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: An anthology feature film that puts a uniquely dark and original spin on some of the most iconic and beloved holidays of all time by challenging our folklore, traditions and assumptions.
Title: The Arrival | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: Zane Ziminski is an astrophysicist who receives a message that seems to have extraterrestrial origins. Eerily soon after his discovery, Zane is fired. He then embarks on a search to determine the origins of the transmission that leads him into a Hitchcockian labyrinth of paranoia and intrigue.
Title: Coco Before Chanel | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Several years after leaving the orphanage, to which her father never returned for her, Gabrielle Chanel finds herself working in a provincial bar. She's both a seamstress for the performers and a singer, earning the nickname Coco from the song she sings nightly with her sister. A liaison with Baron Balsan gives her an entree into French society and a chance to develop her gift for designing.
Title: Morning Glory | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A young and devoted morning television producer is hired as an executive producer on a long-running morning show at a once-prominent but currently failing station in New York City. Eager to keep the show on air, she recruits a former news journalist and anchor who disapproves of co-hosting a show that does not deal with real news stories.
Title: In the Heat of the Night | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: An African American detective is asked to investigate a murder in a racist southern town.
Title: Sissi: The Fateful Years of an Empress | Genres: romance, drama, history | Overview: After a wonderful time in Hungary Sissi falls extremely ill and must retreat to a Mediterranean climate to rest. The young empress’ mother takes her from Austria to recover in Madeira.
Title: Cookies | Genres: romance, drama, comedy | Overview: Henri Serin, a sales rep in umbrellas who lives in Saumur, is bored with his life. Married to an unloving, uptight wife, who, unlike him, has no interest in sex, he is also rejected by his children. Thus, he spends most of his time travelling from town to town, flirting with women and meeting all kinds of people in the hotels, restaurants, shops and places he visits. He also dabbles in painting, particularly portraits. After his car breaks down as he is driving through Brittany, he meets a rough, foul-mouthed painter who offers him to stay at his house, near Pont-Aven. There, Henri falls in love with Angela, the painters model and fling, and soon they run off together...
"Title: Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow | Genres: mystery, action, thriller, science fiction, adventure | Overview: When gigantic robots attack New York City, ""Sky Captain"" uses his private air force to fight them off. His ex-girlfriend, reporter Polly Perkins, has been investigating the recent disappearance of prominent scientists. Suspecting a link between the global robot attacks and missing men, Sky Captain and Polly decide to work together. They fly to the Himalayas in pursuit of the mysterious Dr. Totenkopf, the mastermind behind the robots."
"Title: The Sucker | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: In this Frenco-Italian gangster parody, a shop keeper on his way to an Italian holiday suffers a crash which totals his car. The culprit can only compensate his ruined trip by driving an American friends car from Napels to Bordeaux, but as it happens to be filled with such contraband as stolen money, jewelry and drugs, the involuntary and unwitting companions in crime soon attract all but recreational attention from the ""milieu""."
Title: Appleseed: Ex Machina | Genres: animation, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: As members of ESWAT, the elite forces serving Olympus, Deunan and Briaereos are deployed anywhere trouble strikes. Olympus finds itself under a stealth attack - cyborg terrorism, deadly nanotech zealots, and rioting citizens are just some of the threats that Deunan must contend with as she fights to save Olympus!
Title: Masterminds | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: A night guard at an armored car company in the Southern U.S. organizes one of the biggest bank heists in American history.
Title: Amour | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Georges and Anne are in their eighties. They are cultivated, retired music teachers. Their daughter, who is also a musician, lives abroad with her family. One day, Anne has a stroke, and the couple's bond of love is severely tested.
Title: Synecdoche, New York | Genres: drama | Overview: A theater director struggles with his work, and the women in his life, as he attempts to create a life-size replica of New York inside a warehouse as part of his new play.
Title: When a Man Loves a Woman | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: An airline pilot and his wife are forced to face the consequences of her alcoholism when her addictions threaten her life and their daughter's safety. While the woman enters detox, her husband must face the truth of his enabling behavior.
Title: Sense and Sensibility | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Rich Mr. Dashwood dies, leaving his second wife and her daughters poor by the rules of inheritance. Two daughters are the titular opposites.
Title: Marvel Rising: Secret Warriors | Genres: family, animation, action, comedy, science fiction, tv movie, adventure | Overview: When a threat no one could have expected bears down on the Marvel Universe, this ragtag, untrained band of teens have no choice but to rise together and prove to the world that sometimes the difference between a 'hero' and 'misfit' is just in the name.
Title: Premature | Genres: comedy | Overview: On the most important day of his young life, a high school senior is forced to relive his failed attempt at losing his virginity over and over again, until he gets it right.
Title: Cleaner | Genres: crime, thriller, mystery | Overview: Single father and former cop Tom Cutler has an unusual occupation: he cleans up death scenes. But when he's called in to sterilize a wealthy suburban residence after a brutal shooting, Cutler is shocked to learn he may have unknowingly erased crucial evidence, entangling himself in a dirty criminal cover-up.
Title: Kingpin | Genres: comedy | Overview: After bowler Roy Munson swindles the wrong crowd and is left with a hook for a hand, he settles into impoverished obscurity. That is, until he uncovers the next big thing: an Amish kid named Ishmael. So, the corrupt and the hopelessly naïve hit the circuit intent on settling an old score with Big Ern.
Title: A Family Man | Genres: drama | Overview: Dane Jensen is a driven, Chicago-based headhunter, working at a cut-throat job placement firm. When Dane's boss announces his retirement, he pits Dane against Lynn Vogel, Dane's equally driven but polar-opposite rival at the firm, in a battle for control over the company.
Title: The Glimmer Man | Genres: action, crime | Overview: A former government operative renowned for his stealth, Jack Cole is now a Los Angeles police detective. When a series of horrible murders occurs in the metro area, Cole is assigned to the case, along with tough-talking fellow cop Jim Campbell. Although the two men clash, they gradually become effective partners as they uncover a conspiracy linked to the killings, which also involves terrorism and organized crime.
Title: Paulie | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Paulie, an intelligent parrot who actually talks, relates the story of his struggle to a Russian immigrant who works as a janitor at the research institute where he is housed and neglected. Paulie's story begins many years earlier when he is given as a gift to a little girl who stutters. Eventually, he teaches the girl to speak correctly but is taken away by her father because he believes the girl cannot distinguish fantasy from reality because she believes the bird can talk. Paulie goes through a series of adventures with a pawn shop owner, an aging widow, a Mexican-American troubadour and a would be thief before being taken to the institute where he now lives
Title: The Great Gatsby | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Nick Carraway, a young Midwesterner now living on Long Island, finds himself fascinated by the mysterious past and lavish lifestyle of his neighbor, the nouveau riche Jay Gatsby. He is drawn into Gatsby's circle, becoming a witness to obsession and tragedy.
Title: The Bounty | Genres: action, drama, history | Overview: The familiar story of Lieutenant Bligh, whose cruelty leads to a mutiny on his ship. This version follows both the efforts of Fletcher Christian to get his men beyond the reach of British retribution, and the epic voyage of Lieutenant Bligh to get his loyalists safely to East Timor in a tiny lifeboat.
Title: Out of the Furnace | Genres: thriller, drama, crime | Overview: Two brothers live in the economically-depressed Rust Belt, when a cruel twist of fate lands one in prison. His brother is then lured into one of the most violent crime rings in the Northeast.
Title: Cape Fear | Genres: thriller, crime | Overview: Sam Bowden is a small-town corporate attorney. Max Cady is a tattooed, cigar-smoking, Bible-quoting, psychotic rapist. What do they have in common? Fourteen years ago, Sam was a public defender assigned to Max Cady's rape trial, and he made a serious error: he hid a document from his illiterate client that could have gotten him acquitted. Now, the cagey Cady has been released, and he intends to teach Sam Bowden and his family a thing or two about loss.
Title: Purpose of Reunion 3 | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Sung-hyeon reunites with first love, Jin-hye at a class reunion.
Title: Class | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Naive Midwestern prep student Jonathan bonds with his more worldly roommate, Skip, who takes the small-town boy under his wing. At Skip's urging, the inexperienced Jonathan is emboldened to seek out older women in the cocktail lounges of nearby Chicago, where he meets and beds the alluring Ellen, who unfortunately turns out to be Skip's mother. The division between the friends is further deepened when a cheating scandal engulfs the school.
Title: Blind Fury | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A blind Vietnam vet, trained as a swordfighter, comes to America and helps to rescue the son of a fellow soldier.
Title: El Mariachi | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: El Mariachi just wants to play his guitar and carry on the family tradition. Unfortunately, the town he tries to find work in has another visitor, a killer who carries his guns in a guitar case. The drug lord and his henchmen mistake el Mariachi for the killer, Azul, and chase him around town trying to kill him and get his guitar case.
Title: Five Nights at Freddy's: The Fan Film | Genres: animation, horror | Overview: A chain of family pizza restaurants faces a number of accusations and mystery from visitors being attacked to fires. Mike, Jeremy, and Zeke find themselves tangled in among the triad of menacing locations, leaving them to figure out the truth behind what has really been taking place.
Title: Beauty Shop | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Far from Chicago, hairdresser Gina Norris has relocated to Atlanta with her daughter and has quickly established herself as a rare talent in her profession. But after repeatedly butting heads with her shady, over-the-top boss, Jorge, Norris sets out to create her own salon -- even snagging a few of Jorge's employees and clients. Now, Jorge will do anything to shut her down.
Title: Found | Genres: documentary | Overview: Follows the story of three American teenage girls—each adopted from China—who discover they are blood-related cousins on 23andMe. Their online meeting inspires the young women to confront the burning questions they have about their lost history.
Title: Land | Genres: drama | Overview: Edee, in the aftermath of an unfathomable event, finds herself unable to stay connected to the world she once knew and in the face of that uncertainty, retreats to the magnificent, but unforgiving, wilds of the Rockies. After a local hunter brings her back from the brink of death, she must find a way to live again.
Title: Sabrina | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Linus and David Larrabee are the two sons of a very wealthy family. Linus is all work – busily running the family corporate empire, he has no time for a wife and family. David is all play – technically he is employed by the family business, but never shows up for work, spends all his time entertaining, and has been married and divorced three times. Meanwhile, Sabrina Fairchild is the young, shy, and awkward daughter of the household chauffeur, who goes away to Paris for two years, and returns to capture David's attention, while falling in love with Linus.
Title: Sleeping with the Enemy | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: A young woman fakes her own death in an attempt to escape her nightmarish marriage, but discovers it is impossible to elude her controlling husband.
Title: Secret Admirer | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: When high-school heartthrob Michael receives an unsigned love letter, his guy friends convince him that it's from knock-out prom queen Deborah Anne. He then enlists his best friend, pretty honor student Toni, to help him pass his own anonymous letter to Debbie. But when Michael's younger brother snatches and misplaces the original letter, as well as the second letter also being mishandled, the mysteriously romantic words soon make their way into the hands of the adults in their families, touching off a scandalous soap opera of mixed-up motives, mistaken identities and misled emotions.
Title: Malevolent | Genres: horror | Overview: A brother-sister team who fake paranormal encounters for cash get more than they bargained for when a job at a haunted estate turns very, very real.
Title: American Me | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: During his 18 years in Folsom Prison, street-gang leader Santana rules over all the drug-and-murder activities behind bars. Upon his release, Santana goes back to his old neighborhood, intending to lead a peaceful, crime-free life. But his old gang buddies force him back into his old habits.
"Title: Selma | Genres: history, drama | Overview: ""Selma,"" as in Alabama, the place where segregation in the South was at its worst, leading to a march that ended in violence, forcing a famous statement by President Lyndon B. Johnson that ultimately led to the signing of the Voting Rights Act."
Title: Woman in the Dunes | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: An entomologist suffers extreme psychological and sexual torture after being taken captive by the residents of a poor seaside village.
Title: To Live | Genres: drama, romance, war | Overview: Fugui and Jiazhen endure tumultuous events in China as their personal fortunes move from wealthy landownership to peasantry.
Title: City of Life and Death | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: City of Life and Death takes place in 1937, during the height of the Second Sino-Japanese War. The Imperial Japanese Army has just captured the then-capital of the Republic of China, Nanjing. What followed was known as the Nanking Massacre, or the Rape of Nanking, a period of several weeks wherein tens of thousands of Chinese soldiers and civilians were killed.
Title: The Twins Effect | Genres: action, comedy, horror | Overview: An evil Duke attempts to kill and collect the blood of a royal family of European vampires in order to become all powerful. The only surviving member of the family travels to Hong Kong, only to complicate his struggle by falling in love with a mortal girl who just happens to have a vampire hunter for a brother.
Title: Changing Lanes | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: A rush-hour fender-bender on New York City's crowded FDR Drive, under most circumstances, wouldn't set off a chain reaction that could decimate two people's lives. But on this day, at this time, a minor collision will turn two complete strangers into vicious adversaries. Their means of destroying each other might be different, but their goals, ultimately, will be the same: Each will systematically try to dismantle the other's life in a reckless effort to reclaim something he has lost.
Title: Relic | Genres: horror, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: When Edna—the elderly and widowed matriarch of the family—goes missing, her daughter and granddaughter travel to their remote family home to find her. Soon after her return, they start to discover a sinister presence haunting the house and taking control of Edna.
Title: Babel | Genres: drama | Overview: In Babel, a tragic incident involving an American couple in Morocco sparks a chain of events for four families in different countries throughout the world. In the struggle to overcome isolation, fear, and displacement, each character discovers that it is family that ultimately provides solace. In the remote sands of the Moroccan desert, a rifle shot rings out detonating a chain of events that will link an American tourist couples frantic struggle to survive, two Moroccan boys involved in an accidental crime, a nanny illegally crossing into Mexico with two American children and a Japanese teen rebel whose father is sought by the police in Tokyo. Separated by clashing cultures and sprawling distances, each of these four disparate groups of people are nevertheless hurtling towards a shared destiny of isolation and grief.
Title: Heroic Losers | Genres: comedy, thriller | Overview: In a town in the Northwest of the province of Buenos Aires, a group of neighbors is organized to recover the economy of the area, but when the corralito is implemented in the country and they suffer a fraud, their hopes disappear. Now, they will unite to recover the lost money and give the blow of their lives to their greatest enemy.
Title: Apollo 11 | Genres: documentary, history | Overview: A look at the Apollo 11 mission to land on the moon led by commander Neil Armstrong and pilot Buzz Aldrin.
Title: Split Second | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: In a flooded future London, Detective Harley Stone (Rutger Hauer) hunts a serial killer who murdered his partner and has haunted him ever since. He soon discovers what he is hunting might not be human.
Title: Failure to Launch | Genres: comedy | Overview: Tripp, an attractive man in his thirties, is still living with his parents Al and Sue. Tripp's best friends Demo and Ace are also still living in their parents' homes and seem proud of it. Al and Sue are not happy, however, and are fascinated when friends whose adult son has recently moved away from home reveal they hired an expert to arrange the matter and couldn't be happier with the result.
Title: Racing Stripes | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Shattered illusions are hard to repair -- especially for a good-hearted zebra named Stripes who's spent his life on a Kentucky farm amidst the sorely mistaken notion that he's a debonair thoroughbred. Once he faces the fact that his stark stripes mark him as different, he decides he'll race anyway. And with help from the young girl who raised him, he just might end up in the winner's circle.
Title: Any Which Way You Can | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: Philo takes part in a bare knuckle fight - as he does - to make some more money than he can earn from his car repair business. He decides to retire from fighting, but when the Mafia come along and arrange another fight, he is pushed into it. A motorcycle gang and an orangutan called Clyde all add to the 'fun'.
Title: Yellowbeard | Genres: comedy, adventure | Overview: For years Yellowbeard had looted the Spanish Main, making men eat their lips and swallow their hearts. Caught and convicted for tax evasion, he's sentenced to 20 years in St. Victim's Prison for the Extremely Naughty. In a scheme to confiscate his fabulous treasure, the Royal Navy allows him to escape and follows him, where saucy tarts, lisping demigods and some awful puns and punishments await.
Title: Martha Marcy May Marlene | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: After several years of living with a cult, Martha finally escapes and calls her estranged sister, Lucy, for help. Martha finds herself at the quiet Connecticut home Lucy shares with her new husband, Ted, but the memories of what she experienced in the cult make peace hard to find. As flashbacks continue to torment her, Martha fails to shake a terrible sense of dread, especially in regard to the cult's manipulative leader.
Title: The Postman Always Rings Twice | Genres: romance, crime, drama | Overview: The sensuous wife of a lunch wagon proprietor and a rootless drifter begin a sordidly steamy affair and conspire to murder her Greek husband.
Title: The Driver | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: The Driver specializes in driving getaway cars for robberies. His exceptional talent has prevented him from being caught yet. After another successful flight from the police a self-assured detective makes it his primary goal to catch the Driver. He promises pardons to a gang if they help to convict him in a set-up robbery. The Driver seeks help from The Player to mislead the detective.
Title: The Call | Genres: thriller, mystery, science fiction | Overview: Connected by phone in the same home but 20 years apart, a serial killer puts another woman’s past — and life — on the line to change her own fate.
Title: The Banana Splits Movie | Genres: comedy, horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A boy named Harley and his family attend a taping of The Banana Splits TV show, which is supposed to be a fun-filled birthday for young Harley and business as usual for Rebecca, the producer of the series. But things take an unexpected turn - and the body count quickly rises. Can Harley, his mom and their new pals safely escape?
Title: Scooby-Doo! and the Gourmet Ghost | Genres: animation, adventure, crime, family, comedy | Overview: The Scooby gang visits a culinary resort run by Fred's uncle, Bobby Flay. While enjoying the sights, a ghost attacks the guests and destroys the resort, leaving the gang to put a stop to its threat.
Title: Poseidon Rex | Genres: action, science fiction, horror | Overview: Jackson Slate, famous treasure hunter, is out to find the legendary Lost Gold Of Cortez in the open waters off a secluded island in the Caribbean Sea. Using dynamite to blast his way through centuries of silt, new chasms are created reaching miles below the ancient ocean floor. From here, an ancient evil is released, that quickly, savagely, and without warning, destroys Jackson s boat and kills his crew. The sole survivor of the carnage, Jackson teams up with marine biologist, Sarah, to venture back to the site and investigate the horrific events. They extract an egg from the darkest depths of the ocean and take it back to the lab to investigate. But when it hatches, they realise they have awaken a deadly prehistoric monster, the P-Rex, which will stop at nothing until the entire island is destroyed...
Title: London Boulevard | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: A parolee falls for a reclusive movie star while trying to evade a ruthless gangster.
Title: Crime Story | Genres: action, crime | Overview: A special agent is assigned to protect a wealthy business magnate. However, when the businessman is kidnapped in a daring ambush, he teams up with a seasoned detective to crack the case. But soon he discovers the case isn't that simple.
Title: Untold: Malice at the Palace | Genres: documentary, crime | Overview: Key figures from an infamous November 19th 2004 incident between players and fans at an NBA game in Michigan discuss the fight, its fallout and its lasting legacy.
Title: The Young Victoria | Genres: drama, history, romance | Overview: As the only legitimate heir of England's King William, teenage Victoria gets caught up in the political machinations of her own family. Victoria's mother wants her to sign a regency order, while her Belgian uncle schemes to arrange a marriage between the future monarch and Prince Albert, the man who will become the love of her life.
Title: Maniac | Genres: horror | Overview: As he helps a young artist with her upcoming exhibition, the owner of a mannequin shop's deadly, suppressed desires come to the surface.
Title: Night of the Demon | Genres: fantasy, horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: American professor John Holden arrives in London for a conference on parapsychology only to discover that the colleague he was supposed to meet was killed in a freak accident the day before. It turns out that the deceased had been investigating a cult lead by Dr. Julian Karswell. Though a skeptic, Holden is suspicious of the devil-worshiping Karswell. Following a trail of mysterious manuscripts, Holden enters a world that makes him question his faith in science.
Title: Blackfish | Genres: documentary | Overview: Notorious killer whale Tilikum is responsible for the deaths of three individuals, including a top killer whale trainer. Blackfish shows the sometimes devastating consequences of keeping such intelligent and sentient creatures in captivity.
"Title: The Marine 4: Moving Target | Genres: action | Overview: WWE Superstar Mike ""The Miz"" Mizanin returns as Jake Carter where he is assigned to protect a whistleblower who wishes to expose a corrupt military defense contractor. However, the military hires a heavily armed team of mercenaries to kill her and it's up to Carter to stop them at any cost."
Title: The Night Eats the World | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: After waking up to find himself all alone in an apartment where a massive party was being held the night before, Sam is immediately forced to face a terrifying reality: the living dead have invaded the streets of Paris.
Title: Victoria & Abdul | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Queen Victoria strikes up an unlikely friendship with a young Indian clerk named Abdul Karim.
Title: The Last King of Scotland | Genres: drama | Overview: Young Scottish doctor, Nicholas Garrigan decides it's time for an adventure after he finishes his formal education, so he decides to try his luck in Uganda, and arrives during the downfall of President Obote. General Idi Amin comes to power and asks Garrigan to become his personal doctor.
Title: Pinocchio | Genres: animation, drama, fantasy | Overview: The world's most loved fairy tale is back in a whole new fantastic imagining in Pinocchio. When a piece of pine-wood falls into the hands of the poor old toy maker, Geppetto, he carves it into a puppet which he names Pinocchio. To Geppetto's delight, Pinocchio comes to life - and like most little boys, he's full of reckless whims and wild ideas! His crazy escapades lead him into a series of madcap adventures from joining the circus to visiting the inside of whale! Along his journey, and throughout all the fun, Pinocchio learns to be considerate and courageous and learns what it takes to become a real boy.
Title: The Triplets of Belleville | Genres: animation, drama, comedy | Overview: When her grandson is kidnapped during the Tour de France, Madame Souza and her beloved pooch Bruno team up with the Belleville Sisters—an aged song-and-dance team from the days of Fred Astaire—to rescue him.
Title: Dance Flick | Genres: action, comedy, music | Overview: Street dancer, Thomas Uncles is from the wrong side of the tracks, but his bond with the beautiful Megan White might help the duo realize their dreams as they enter in the mother of all dance battles.
Title: Zombie Shark | Genres: horror, science fiction, tv movie | Overview: A perfect getaway weekend turns into a nightmare for four friends who find themselves fighting for their lives against an experimental shark. In order to survive they must fight sharks, zombies, and shark zombies.
Title: Maximum Overdrive | Genres: horror, action, science fiction | Overview: When a comet passes close to the earth, machines all over the world come alive and go on homicidal rampages. A group of people at a desolate truck stop are held hostage by a gang of homicidal 18-wheelers. The frightened people set out to defeat the killer machines ... or be killed by them.
Title: Big Legend | Genres: horror, action, thriller | Overview: An ex-soldier ventures into the Pacific Northwest to uncover the truth behind his fiance's disappearance.
Title: Then Came You | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: An American hypochondriac who is working as a baggage handler is forced to confront his fears when a British teenager with a terminal illness enlists him to help her carry out her eccentric bucket list.
Title: The Lair of the White Worm | Genres: horror, comedy, fantasy | Overview: In a remote corner of England's Peak District, a mysterious skull is unearthed. But even weirder is that Lady Sylvia steals the skull for use in worshiping – very erotically – her pagan god, The White Worm, who hungers for the taste of virginal flesh.
Title: Save the Last Dance | Genres: drama, family, romance, music | Overview: After the death of her mother, Sara moves to the South Side of Chicago to live with her father and gets transferred to a majority-black school. Her life takes a turn for the better when befriends Chenille and her brother Derek, who helps her with her dancing skills.
Title: Marmalade Boy | Genres: animation, romance | Overview: Miki's lying in bed in the school's nursery after being hit in the face by a ball, supposedly asleep when Yuu comes in. Yuu asks her if she is asleep but she does not answer, so he looks at her as she sleeps. Then he kisses her and leaves. As soon as he has left, Miki jumps up, surprised and wonders what he is up to, since they have just met... or have they?
Title: Hot Tub Time Machine | Genres: science fiction, comedy, adventure | Overview: A malfunctioning time machine at a ski resort takes a man back to 1986 with his two friends and nephew, where they must relive a fateful night and not change anything to make sure the nephew is born.
Title: Explorers | Genres: family, science fiction | Overview: The visionary dreams of three curious and adventuresome young boys become an exciting reality in Explorers, the action-fantasy from director Joe Dante, who combines keen humor, warmth and fantasy with unexpected twists. In their makeshift laboratory, the boys use an amazing discovery and their ingenuity to build their own spaceship and launch themselves on a fantastic interplanetary journey.
Title: The New World | Genres: drama, history, romance | Overview: A drama about explorer John Smith and the clash between Native Americans and English settlers in the 17th century.
Title: Evening | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: As Constance (Natasha Richardson) and Nina (Toni Collette) gather at the deathbed of their mother, Ann (Vanessa Redgrave), they learn for the first time that their mother lived an entire other lifetime during one evening 50 years ago. In vivid flashbacks, the young Ann (Claire Daines) spends one night with a man named Harris (Patrick Wilson), who was the love of her life.
Title: Good Omens: Lockdown | Genres: comedy, fantasy | Overview: Celebrating the 30th anniversary of the novel, Neil Gaiman presents this new short featuring our favorite angel and demon in lockdown.
Title: Emanuelle and the Last Cannibals | Genres: adventure, horror | Overview: While doing undercover work in a mental hospital, Emanuelle discovers a girl who seems to have been raised by a tribe of amazonian cannibals. Intrigued, Emanuelle and friends travel deep into the Amazon jungle, where they find that the supposedly extinct tribe of cannibals is still very much alive.
Title: Paris, Je T'Aime | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Olivier Assayas, Gus Van Sant, Wes Craven and Alfonso Cuaron are among the 20 distinguished directors who contribute to this collection of 18 stories, each exploring a different aspect of Parisian life. The colourful characters in this drama include a pair of mimes, a husband trying to chose between his wife and his lover, and a married man who turns to a prostitute for advice.
Title: Once | Genres: drama, music, romance | Overview: A vacuum repairman moonlights as a street musician and hopes for his big break. One day a Czech immigrant, who earns a living selling flowers, approaches him with the news that she is also an aspiring singer-songwriter. The pair decide to collaborate, and the songs that they compose reflect the story of their blossoming love.
Title: Patient Zero | Genres: horror, thriller, action, drama | Overview: After an unprecedented global pandemic has turned the majority of humankind into violent infected beings, Morgan, a man gifted with the ability to speak the infected's new language, leads the last survivors on a hunt for patient zero and a cure.
Title: See No Evil, Hear No Evil | Genres: crime, comedy | Overview: A murder takes place in the shop of David Lyons, a deaf man who fails to hear the gunshot being fired. Outside, blind man Wally Karue hears the shot but cannot see the perpetrator. Both are arrested, but escape to form an unlikely partnership. Being chased by both the law AND the original killers, can the pair work together to outwit them all?
Title: Scream Queen Hot Tub Party | Genres: horror | Overview: Five of Hollywood's leading scream queens get together in a creepy mansion and decide to get in the hot tub (as true scream queens would). They talk in the tub and exchange secrets on the do's and don'ts of being a scream queen.
Title: Finding Neverland | Genres: drama | Overview: During a writing slump, playwright J.M. Barrie meets a widow and her three children—who soon become an important part of Barrie’s life and the inspiration that lead him to create his masterpiece. Peter Pan'.
Title: DeadTectives | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: A team of reality TV paranormal investigators go to Mexico's most haunted house in the pursuit of better ratings. However, when the true dark secrets of the mansion begin to reveal themselves, the hapless team quickly discover that this house is no hoax. With zero genuine ghost-hunting experience, they have to figure out how to stop the ghosts and escape the house with their lives.
Title: Macross Plus: Movie Edition | Genres: action, adventure, animation, science fiction | Overview: Three decades after the great war between the humans and the Zentradi, the U.N. government is developing new technologies to use in their transforming fighter aircraft by running tests on the colony planet Eden. Military test pilots and former childhood friends, loose cannon Isamu Alva Dyson and the Zentradi mixed race Guld Goa Bowman, are selected to each pilot a new aircraft (Shinsei Industries' YF-19 &amp; General Galaxy's YF-21) for Project Super Nova, to choose the newest successor to the VF-11 Thunderbolt variable fighter which is currently still in use by the U.N. Spacy military forces. Their own personal grudges end up disrupting the tests, and begin to wreak havoc on the program.
"Title: Great Expectations | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Loosely based on the Charles Dickens' classic novel, ""Great Expectations"" is a sensual tale of a young man's unforgettable passage into manhood, and the three individuals who will undeniably change his life forever. Through the surprising interactions of these vivid characters, ""Great Expectations"" takes a unique and contemporary look at life's great coincidences."
Title: My Salinger Year | Genres: drama | Overview: A college grad takes a clerical job working for the literary agent of the renowned, reclusive writer J.D. Salinger.
Title: Folklore: The Long Pond Studio Sessions | Genres: music, documentary | Overview: An intimate concert film, in which Taylor Swift performs each song from her album 'folklore' in order, as she reveals the meaning and the stories behind all 17 tracks for the very first time.
Title: Digimon Adventure tri. Part 1: Reunion | Genres: animation, adventure, science fiction | Overview: After years of inactivity, the DigiDestined regroup with their Digimon to save their world, but have the years changed their characters too much?
Title: The Man with the Iron Fists | Genres: action | Overview: In feudal China, a blacksmith who makes weapons for a small village is put in the position where he must defend himself and his fellow villagers.
Title: Mary and Max | Genres: animation, comedy, drama | Overview: A tale of friendship between two unlikely pen pals: Mary, a lonely, eight-year-old girl living in the suburbs of Melbourne, and Max, a forty-four-year old, severely obese man living in New York. In the mid-1970s, a homely, friendless Australian girl of 8 picks a name out of a Manhattan phone book and writes to him; she includes a chocolate bar. He writes back, with chocolate. Thus begins a 20-year correspondence. Will the two ever meet face to face?
Title: The Fundamentals of Caring | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Having suffered a tragedy, Ben becomes a caregiver to earn money. His first client, Trevor, is a hilarious 18-year-old with muscular dystrophy. One paralyzed emotionally, one paralyzed physically, Ben and Trevor hit the road on a trip into the western states. The folks they collect along the way will help them test their skills for surviving outside their calculated existence. Together, they come to understand the importance of hope and the necessity of true friendship.
Title: The Sleeping Dictionary | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A young Englishman is dispatched to Sarawak to become part of the British colonial government. He encounters some unorthodox local traditions, and finds himself faced with tough decisions of the heart involving the beautiful Selima, the unwitting object of his affections.
Title: The Librarian: The Curse of the Judas Chalice | Genres: fantasy, action, adventure, comedy | Overview: While on a dangerous mission to recover the historic Judas Chalice, Flynn is saved by Simone. But when double-crossed by a respected professor and ambushed by a ruthless gang, Flynn realizes Simone's secret, his true mission and a shocking discovery are all lying within a decaying New Orleans crypt.
Title: Taking Woodstock | Genres: music, comedy, drama | Overview: The story of Elliot Tiber and his family, who inadvertently played a pivotal role in making the famed Woodstock Music and Arts Festival into the happening that it was. When Elliot hears that a neighboring town has pulled the permit on a hippie music festival, he calls the producers thinking he could drum up some much-needed business for his parents' run-down motel. Three weeks later, half a million people are on their way to his neighbor’s farm in White Lake, New York, and Elliot finds himself swept up in a generation-defining experience that would change his life–and American culture–forever.
Title: Ice Princess | Genres: family, drama, comedy | Overview: With the help of her coach, her mom, and the boy who drives the Zamboni machine, nothing can stop Casey from realizing her dream to be a champion figure skater.
Title: The Apostle Peter: Redemption | Genres: drama | Overview: Tormented by his denial of Christ, Peter spent his life attempting to atone for his failures. Now as he faces certain death at the hand of Nero, will he falter again, his weakness betray him or will he rise up triumphant in his final moment?
Title: Time Lapse | Genres: thriller, science fiction, mystery | Overview: Three friends discover a mysterious machine that takes pictures 24 hours into the future and conspire to use it for personal gain, until disturbing and dangerous images begin to develop.
Title: Yours, Mine & Ours | Genres: comedy, family, romance | Overview: Admiral Frank Beardsley returns to New London to run the Coast Guard Academy, his last stop before a probable promotion to head the Guard. A widower with eight children, he runs a loving but tight ship, with charts and salutes. The kids long for a permanent home. Helen North is a free spirit, a designer whose ten children live in loving chaos, with occasional group hugs. Helen and Frank, high school sweethearts, reconnect at a reunion, and it's love at first re-sighting. They marry on the spot. Then the problems start as two sets of kids, the free spirits and the disciplined preppies, must live together. The warring factions agree to work together to end the marriage.
Title: The Towering Inferno | Genres: action, thriller, drama | Overview: At the opening party of a colossal—but poorly constructed—office building, a massive fire breaks out, threatening to destroy the tower and everyone in it.
Title: Bronson | Genres: drama, action, crime | Overview: A young man who was sentenced to 7 years in prison for robbing a post office ends up spending 30 years in solitary confinement. During this time, his own personality is supplanted by his alter ego, Charles Bronson.
Title: Poison Ivy | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: A seductive teen befriends an introverted high school student and schemes her way into the lives of her wealthy family.
Title: I Love You Phillip Morris | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Steve Russell is a small-town cop. Bored with his bland lifestyle, Russell turns to fraud as a means of shaking things up. Before long, Russell's criminal antics have landed him behind bars, where he encounters the charismatic Phillip Morris. Smitten, Russell devotes his entire life to being with Morris regardless of the consequences.
Title: The Transformers: The Movie | Genres: animation, science fiction, action, adventure, family | Overview: The Autobots must stop a colossal planet-consuming robot who goes after the Autobot Matrix of Leadership. At the same time, they must defend themselves against an all-out attack from the Decepticons.
Title: The Walk | Genres: adventure, drama, thriller | Overview: The story of French high-wire artist Philippe Petit's attempt to cross the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center in 1974.
Title: Fatal Affair | Genres: thriller | Overview: Ellie tries to mend her marriage with her husband Marcus after a brief encounter with an old friend, David, only to find that David is more dangerous and unstable than she'd realized.
Title: The Beguiled | Genres: drama, thriller, war | Overview: Offbeat Civil War drama in which a wounded Yankee soldier, after finding refuge in an isolated girls' school in the South towards the end of the war, becomes the object of the young women's sexual fantasies. The soldier manipulates the situation for his own gratification, but when he refuses to completely comply with the girls' wishes, they make it very difficult for him to leave.
Title: Runaway Train | Genres: action, thriller, drama, adventure | Overview: A hardened convict and a younger prisoner escape from a brutal prison in the middle of winter only to find themselves on an out-of-control train with a female railway worker while being pursued by the vengeful head of security.
Title: Jack Frost | Genres: comedy, family, drama, fantasy | Overview: A father, who can't keep his promises, dies in a car accident. One year later, he returns as a snowman, who has the final chance to put things right with his son before he is gone forever.
Title: El Dorado | Genres: western, adventure, action, romance | Overview: Cole Thornton, a gunfighter for hire, joins forces with an old friend, Sheriff J.P. Hara. Together with an old indian fighter and a gambler, they help a rancher and his family fight a rival rancher that is trying to steal their water.
Title: Giant Little Ones | Genres: drama | Overview: Two popular teen boys, best friends since childhood, discover their lives, families, and girlfriends dramatically upended after an unexpected incident occurs on the night of a 17th birthday party.
Title: Dracula | Genres: horror | Overview: After Jonathan Harker attacks Dracula at his castle, the vampire travels to a nearby city, where he preys on the family of Harker's fiancée. The only one who may be able to protect them is Dr. van Helsing, Harker's friend and fellow-student of vampires, who is determined to destroy Dracula, whatever the cost.
Title: Wings of Desire | Genres: drama, fantasy, romance | Overview: Two angels, Damiel and Cassiel, glide through the streets of Berlin, observing the bustling population, providing invisible rays of hope to the distressed but never interacting with them. When Damiel falls in love with lonely trapeze artist Marion, the angel longs to experience life in the physical world, and finds -- with some words of wisdom from actor Peter Falk -- that it might be possible for him to take human form.
Title: Kim Possible: So the Drama | Genres: animation, adventure, family, action | Overview: Dr. Drakken has an evil new plot for world domination, but his ultimate success depends upon finding out KP's weakness which may involve a new hottie at Middleton High School named Eric, who suddenly sparks feelings in Ron about Kim that resemble much more than friendship. To make matters worse, Bueno Nacho, Ron's favorite fast food chain has turned sour on him by bombarding him with little Devils
Title: Asterix Conquers America | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: When marauding Romans capture - and catapult - their pal Getafix into lands unknown, the shrewd and cunning Asterix and his able sidekick Obelix spring into action! But their journey leads them to a strange and dangerous new world, where they must face a tribe of Indians, a stampeding herd of buffalo and a medicine man with designs on their magic potion!
"Title: An American Tail | Genres: drama, family, animation, adventure, music | Overview: A young mouse named Fievel and his family decide to migrate to America, a ""land without cats,"" at the turn of the 20th century. But somehow, Fievel ends up in the New World alone and must fend off not only the felines he never thought he'd have to deal with again but also the loneliness of being away from home."
Title: Mission to Mars | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: When contact is lost with the crew of the first Mars expedition, a rescue mission is launched to discover their fate.
Title: Female War: A Nasty Deal | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Painter Ha-rim became blind due to an unfortunate accident. His wife Sun-yeong searches far and low for a cornea donor until she meets terminal cancer patient Dae-geun. These two make a startling and dangerous deal for Ha-rim's cornea.
Title: Brother 2 | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: Arriving in Moscow, Chechen veteran Danila (Sergei Bodrov Jr) meets Konstantin, an old friend who tells him that his twin brother has been forced into signing a crooked contract with a US ice hockey team. Soon after this meeting, Danila discovers Konstantin dead and he sets out to avenge his death; a journey that leads him to Chicago and a whole new experience.
Title: Life of Brian | Genres: comedy | Overview: Brian Cohen is an average young Jewish man, but through a series of ridiculous events, he gains a reputation as the Messiah. When he's not dodging his followers or being scolded by his shrill mother, the hapless Brian has to contend with the pompous Pontius Pilate and acronym-obsessed members of a separatist movement. Rife with Monty Python's signature absurdity, the tale finds Brian's life paralleling Biblical lore, albeit with many more laughs.
Title: The Missing | Genres: thriller, western, adventure | Overview: When rancher and single mother of two Maggie Gilkeson sees her teenage daughter, Lily, kidnapped by Apache rebels, she reluctantly accepts the help of her estranged father, Samuel, in tracking down the kidnappers. Along the way, the two must learn to reconcile the past and work together if they are going to have any hope of getting Lily back before she is taken over the border and forced to become a prostitute.
Title: Utøya: July 22 | Genres: history, drama | Overview: The movie tells the story about a girl who has to hide and survive from a right wing terrorist while looking for her little sister during the terrorist attacks in Norway on the island Utøya, July 22nd.
Title: The Invisible Boy | Genres: comedy, adventure, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: Michele is thirteen year old, shy, unpopular at school, and in love with Stella. After wearing a costume for a Halloween party, he finds out that he's invisible.
Title: Executive Decision | Genres: action, adventure, drama, thriller | Overview: Terrorists hijack a 747 inbound to Washington D.C., demanding the release of their imprisoned leader. Intelligence expert David Grant (Kurt Russell) suspects another reason and he is soon the reluctant member of a special assault team that is assigned to intercept the plane and hijackers.
Title: Junior | Genres: comedy, family, romance | Overview: As part of a fertility research project, a male scientist agrees to carry a pregnancy in his own body.
Title: Driven | Genres: action | Overview: Talented rookie race-car driver Jimmy Bly has started losing his focus and begins to slip in the race rankings. It's no wonder, with the immense pressure being shoveled on him by his overly ambitious promoter brother as well as Bly's romance with his arch rival's girlfriend Sophia. With much riding on Bly, car owner Carl Henry brings former racing star Joe Tanto on board to help Bly. To drive Bly back to the top of the rankings, Tanto must first deal with the emotional scars left over from a tragic racing accident which nearly took his life.
Title: Solaris | Genres: drama, science fiction, mystery, romance | Overview: A troubled psychologist is sent to investigate the crew of an isolated research station orbiting a bizarre planet.
Title: Sexy Beast | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Ex-safecracker Gal Dove has served his time behind bars and is blissfully retired to a Spanish villa paradise with a wife he adores. The idyll is shattered by the arrival of his nemesis Don Logan, intent on persuading Gal to return to London for one last big job.
Title: Moonstruck | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: No sooner does Italian-American widow Loretta accept a marriage proposal from her doltish boyfriend, Johnny, than she finds herself falling for his younger brother, Ronny. She tries to resist, but Ronny lost his hand in an accident he blames on his brother, and has no scruples about aggressively pursuing her while Johnny is out of the country. As Loretta falls deeper in love, she comes to learn that she's not the only one in her family with a secret romance.
Title: Double Indemnity | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: A rich woman and a calculating insurance agent plot to kill her unsuspecting husband after he signs a double indemnity policy. Against a backdrop of distinctly Californian settings, the partners in crime plan the perfect murder to collect the insurance, which pays double if the death is accidental.
Title: The Chinese Widow | Genres: drama, romance, history, war | Overview: It’s 1941 and the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor has destroyed America’s morale. The US President Franklin D. Roosevelt then decides to risk it all by bombing Tokyo and raise more hope for his citizens. After completing its mission, a unit of the US Air Force is forced to make an emergency landing in China. Its commander Jack Turner (Emilie Hirsch) barely survives but gets rescued by Ying (Crystal Liu), a local widow who will stop at nothing to hide him from the Japanese occupant.
Title: Hereafter | Genres: drama, fantasy | Overview: Three people — a blue-collar American, a French journalist and a London school boy — are touched by death in different ways.
Title: Club Dread | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: When a serial killer interrupts the fun at the swanky Coconut Pete's Coconut Beach Resort -- a hedonistic island paradise for swingers --- it's up to the club's staff to stop the violence ... or at least hide it!
Title: Jack Frost | Genres: fantasy, horror, comedy | Overview: As a notorious serial killer is being driven to his execution, the truck carrying him encounters a bizarre accident that transforms him into a mutant snowman. The sheriff who originally caught the psychopath has remained concerned about his return, and it seems that his fears were well-founded. Before long, bodies pile up, all killed in gruesome wintry ways. Can the sheriff stop the murderer's icy reign of terror?
Title: One Fine Day | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Melanie Parker, an architect and mother of Sammy, and Jack Taylor, a newspaper columnist and father of Maggie, are both divorced. They meet one morning when overwhelmed Jack is left unexpectedly with Maggie and forgets that Melanie was to take her to school. As a result, both children miss their school field trip and are stuck with the parents. The two adults project their negative stereotypes of ex-spouses on each other, but end up needing to rely on each other to watch the children as each must save his job. Humor is added by Sammy's propensity for lodging objects in his nose and Maggie's tendency to wander.
Title: Proximity | Genres: science fiction, drama | Overview: A young NASA JPL scientist is abducted by extraterrestrials but when no one believes his story he becomes obsessed with finding proof which leads him on a journey of discovery.
Title: Jagame Thandhiram | Genres: crime, comedy | Overview: When a clever, carefree gangster is recruited to help an overseas crime lord take down a rival, he is caught off guard by the moral dilemmas that follow.
Title: Anastasia: Once Upon a Time | Genres: family, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Anastasia Romanov escapes through a portal when her family is threatened by Vladimir Lenin, and she finds herself in the year 1988, befriended by a young American girl.
"Title: Her Blue Sky | Genres: animation, romance | Overview: High school student Aoi lives with her elder sister, Akane, after a tragic accident took their parents away 13 years ago. Because Akane has since been taking care of her single-handedly, Aoi wants to move to Tokyo after her graduation to relieve her sister's burden and pursue a musical career, inspired by Akane's ex-boyfriend Shinnosuke ""Shinno"" Kanamuro. Shinno was part of a band until he left for Tokyo to become a professional bassist after the sisters' parents passed away. One afternoon, while Aoi practices her guitar in a guest house, she gets startled by the 18-year-old version of Shinno from 13 years ago! As if by coincidence, the current 31-year-old Shinno also returns to the town, but he has changed drastically. There are now two Shinno's in existence, but why is the Shinno from the past present? The story revolves around these four individuals as they confront their inner feelings toward each other and make decisions that will affect their lives from here on out."
Title: Rumble Fish | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: Rusty James, an absent-minded street thug, struggles to live up to his legendary older brother's reputation, and longs for the days when gang warfare was going on.
Title: Jersey Boys | Genres: music, drama | Overview: A musical biopic of the Four Seasons—the rise, the tough times and personal clashes, and the ultimate triumph of a group of friends whose music became symbolic of a generation. Far from a mere tribute concert, it gets to the heart of the relationships at the centre of the group, with a special focus on frontman Frankie Valli, the small kid with the big falsetto.
Title: Smokey and the Bandit | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: A race car driver tries to transport an illegal beer shipment from Texas to Atlanta in under 28 hours, picking up a reluctant bride-to-be on the way.
Title: Europa Europa | Genres: history, drama, war | Overview: A Jewish boy separated from his family in the early days of WWII poses as a German orphan and is taken into the heart of the Nazi world as a 'war hero' and eventually becomes a Hitler Youth.
Title: Get Married If You Can | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Ana Paula catches her fiancé cheating. After a night of drinking, she wakes up far from home, not so certain she wants to go back.
Title: A Common Man | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A terrorist plants several bombs throughout the city of Colombo, Sri Lanka and threatens to detonate them unless prisoners are released.
Title: Lupin the Third vs. Detective Conan | Genres: action, animation, comedy, crime, tv movie | Overview: When a wealthy woman and her son die in a hunting accident, it's up to Conan Edogawa to solve the case. Meanwhile, Lupin the Third is after the Queen Crown, owned by the Vesparand royal family. When these two legendary characters meet, who will win the day?! Followed by “Lupin the Third vs. Detective Conan: The Movie” (2013).
Title: Bombshell: The Hedy Lamarr Story | Genres: documentary | Overview: The life and career of the hailed Hollywood movie star and underappreciated genius inventor, Hedy Lamarr.
Title: A Go! Go! Cory Carson Christmas | Genres: animation, family | Overview: When a familiar-looking stranger crashes in without a memory, cory helps him remember the magic of Christmas to save the holiday for everyone
Title: A Better Tomorrow II | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: A restauranteur teams up with a police officer and his ex-con brother to avenge the death of a friend's daughter.
Title: The Skin of the Wolf | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Martinón is the last inhabitant of Auzal, a village in the mountains where he lives in communion with nature. He only goes down to the valleys twice a year to trade and to buy provisions. But one day he’s convinced to take a wife, a decision intended to soften his calloused soul—but in some ways his real struggle is only just beginning.
Title: Safe Haven | Genres: romance, thriller | Overview: A young woman with a mysterious past lands in Southport, North Carolina where her bond with a widower forces her to confront the dark secret that haunts her.
"Title: The Miracle Season | Genres: drama | Overview: After the tragic death of star volleyball player Caroline ""Line"" Found, a team of dispirited high school girls must band together under the guidance of their tough-love coach in hopes of winning the state championship!"
Title: The Room | Genres: horror, drama, mystery, science fiction | Overview: Kate and Matt discover that a part of their house can grant wishes. In the wake of two miscarriages, what they want most is a child.
Title: The Housemaid | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: A man's affair with his family's housemaid leads to a dark consequences. Eun-yi is hired as an au pair for Hae-ra (pregnant with twins) and her rich husband Hoon. Eun-yi's primary task is watching the couple's young daughter, Nami. Eun-yi is eager to connect to Nami, who gradually warms to her. Hoon begins to secretly flirt with Eun-yi, enticing her with glasses of wine and his piano playing, and they eventually begin a sexual relationship. Despite the affair, Eun-yi is still warm and friendly to Hoon's oblivious wife, Hae-ra. She even expresses enthusiasm and delight at the progress of Hae-ra's pregnancy.
Title: A Night of Horror: Nightmare Radio | Genres: horror | Overview: Rod leads a radio show dedicated to horror. Until suddenly the announcer begins to receive strange calls from a child who desperately asks for help. At first thinks that it is a bad joke until he discovers that this is not the case. These calls hide a dark secret…
Title: 3-Headed Shark Attack | Genres: science fiction, action, horror | Overview: The world’s greatest killing machine is three times as deadly when a mutated shark threatens a cruise ship. As the shark eats its way from one end of the ship to the next, the passengers fight the deadly predator using anything they can find.
Title: Eddie the Eagle | Genres: comedy, drama, history, adventure | Overview: The feel-good story of Michael 'Eddie' Edwards, an unlikely but courageous British ski-jumper who never stopped believing in himself—even as an entire nation was counting him out. With the help of a rebellious and charismatic coach, Eddie takes on the establishment and wins the hearts of sports fans around the world by making an improbable and historic showing at the 1988 Calgary Winter Olympics.
"Title: Ranma ½: The Movie 2 — The Battle of Togenkyo: Rescue the Brides! | Genres: action, comedy, animation | Overview: With the Tendos, the Saotomes, Ryoga, Shampoo and Ukyo misinterpreting Tatewake Kuno's invitation to his two loves, Akane and ""The Pig Tailed Girl"", to try his new yacht, a whole new episode of chaos begins in the already unstable lives of the Saotome/Tendo clan. A mysterious shadow kidnaps first Akane's sister Kasumi, then continues on until all the girls disappear. All except everyone's favorite hydrotranssexual. As an ambush, Ranma's set out to trap one of the shadows, revealing them to be under the control of a powerful prince Toma. Toma is the young prince of a floating island to which only males are born due to a powerful spring which turns anything into a man. Of course, he's out to rescue the girls, but more importantly, can he get a hold of the water that may free him of the Jusenkyo curse? And even more importantly, can he keep his mouth shut before Akane does more damage to him then Prince Toma does?"
Title: The Ghost Writer | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: A writer stumbles upon a long-hidden secret when he agrees to help former British Prime Minister Adam Lang complete his memoirs on a remote island after the politician's assistant drowns in a mysterious accident.
Title: The Influence | Genres: horror | Overview: After moving back to her family home to care for her dying mother, a nurse haunted by her childhood memories must struggle with an evil force in the house.
Title: Ad Astra | Genres: science fiction, drama | Overview: The near future, a time when both hope and hardships drive humanity to look to the stars and beyond. While a mysterious phenomenon menaces to destroy life on planet Earth, astronaut Roy McBride undertakes a mission across the immensity of space and its many perils to uncover the truth about a lost expedition that decades before boldly faced emptiness and silence in search of the unknown.
Title: Space Buddies | Genres: comedy, adventure, drama, family | Overview: B-Dawg, Mudbud, Budderball, and all the rest of the Buddies are back, but this time, they're setting their sights even higher -- as in, the moon! With the help of their new pals Spudnick (voiced by Jason Earles) and Gravity, these pooches are go for launch. But to pull off their moon landing and make it home safely, our canine heroes will have to summon all their bravery and imagination...
Title: Fan-Fan the Tulip | Genres: adventure, comedy | Overview: In this 2003 remake of the classic 1952 French film, Fanfan la Tulipe is a swashbuckling lover who is tricked into joining the army of King Louis XV by Adeline La Franchise, who tells Fanfan that by doing so, he will eventually marry one of the king's daughters
Title: Detective Conan: The Time Bombed Skyscraper | Genres: adventure, mystery, animation | Overview: Conan Edogawa is facing a dilemma: Ran Mouri has asked Shinichi Kudou out to the movies and he is unable to provide a convincing excuse not to go. However, when the day of the date arrives, he has more pressing problems to worry about—a great amount of plastic explosives has recently been stolen and the culprit has challenged Shinichi to find and dispose of the bombs he has scattered across the city. Now forced in a race against time, Conan must not only protect the city, but also figure out who the mastermind is and his reason for confronting Shinichi.
Title: Real Genius | Genres: comedy, romance, science fiction | Overview: Chris is the top brain who just wants to party, Mitch is the 15-year-old college wiz kid. Supposedly hard at work on a lab project with a mysterious deadline, they still find time to use their genius to discover new ways to have fun.
Title: High Fidelity | Genres: comedy, drama, romance, music | Overview: When record store owner Rob Gordon gets dumped by his girlfriend, Laura, because he hasn't changed since they met, he revisits his top five breakups of all time in an attempt to figure out what went wrong. As Rob seeks out his former lovers to find out why they left, he keeps up his efforts to win Laura back.
Title: 7 Days in Entebbe | Genres: thriller, drama, crime | Overview: In 1976, four hijackers take over an Air France airplane en route from Tel Aviv to Paris and force it to land in Entebbe, Uganda. With 248 passengers on board, one of the most daring rescue missions ever is set in motion.
Title: Date A Live: Mayuri Judgment | Genres: animation, romance, science fiction | Overview: After performing a huge concert, Miku Izayoi invited Shido, Tohka and everyone for a day at a reserved indoor pool. Later at night, Shido keeps spotting a girl named Mayuri, who quickly disappeared after seeing her.
Title: Black Dog | Genres: action | Overview: An ex-con takes a job driving a truck cross country. What he doesn't know is that the truck is filled with illegal weapons and now he must fight to survive and save his family.
Title: Water for Elephants | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In this captivating Depression-era melodrama, impetuous veterinary student Jacob Jankowski joins a celebrated circus as an animal caretaker but faces a wrenching dilemma when he's transfixed by angelic married performer Marlena.
Title: Three Colors: Red | Genres: drama, mystery, romance | Overview: Valentine, a student model in Geneva, struggles with a possessive boyfriend and a troubled family. When she runs over a dog, she discovers that its owner, a retired judge, is illegally wiretapping and eavesdropping on his neighbors' phone calls. Although Valentine is outraged, she develops a strange bond with the judge – and as the two become closer, she finds herself caught in the middle of events that could change her life.
Title: Chariots of Fire | Genres: drama, history | Overview: In the class-obsessed and religiously divided UK of the early 1920s, two determined young runners train for the 1924 Paris Olympics. Eric Liddell, a devout Christian born to Scottish missionaries in China, sees running as part of his worship of God's glory and refuses to train or compete on the Sabbath. Harold Abrahams overcomes anti-Semitism and class bias, but neglects his beloved sweetheart in his single-minded quest.
Title: Monsters: Dark Continent | Genres: thriller, drama, science fiction | Overview: Seven years on from the events of Monsters, and the ‘Infected Zones’ have spread worldwide. Humans have been knocked off the top of the food chain, with disparate communities struggling for survival. American soldiers are being sent abroad to protect US interests from the Monsters, but the war is far from being won.
Title: Out of Sight | Genres: romance, comedy, crime | Overview: Meet Jack Foley, a smooth criminal who bends the law and is determined to make one last heist. Karen Sisco is a federal marshal who chooses all the right moves … and all the wrong guys. Now they're willing to risk it all to find out if there's more between them than just the law.
Title: Never Been Kissed | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: Josie Geller, a baby-faced junior copywriter at the Chicago Sun-Times, must pose as a student at her former high school to research contemporary teenage culture. With the help of her brother, Rob, Josie infiltrates the inner circle of the most popular clique on campus. But she hits a major snag in her investigation -- not to mention her own failed love life -- when she falls for her dreamy English teacher, Sam Coulson.
Title: Clockstoppers | Genres: adventure, family, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Until now, Zak Gibbs' greatest challenge has been to find a way to buy a car. But when he discovers an odd wristwatch amidst his father's various inventions and slips it on -- something very strange happens. The world around him seems to come to a stop, everything and everybody frozen in time. Zak quickly learns how to manipulate the device and he and his quick-witted and beautiful new friend, Francesca, start to have some real fun.
Title: The Fog | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Trapped within an eerie mist, the residents of Antonio Bay have become the unwitting victims of a horrifying vengeance. One hundred years earlier, a ship carrying lepers was purposely lured onto the rocky coastline and sank, drowning all aboard. Now they're back – long-dead mariners who've waited a century for their revenge.
Title: Legacy of Lies | Genres: thriller | Overview: An ex-MI6 agent is thrown back into the world of espionage and high stakes to uncover the shocking truth about operations conducted by unknown secret services.
Title: The Swan Princess: The Mystery of the Enchanted Kingdom | Genres: family, fantasy, animation, mystery | Overview: The royal couple Odette and Derek face yet another evil magician, this time a woman named Zelda. Lusting for the treasure of the Forbidden Arts, which will give her absolute power, Zelda kidnaps Odette as ransom. Derek and several animal friends head off to rescue Odette
Title: Destruction: Los Angeles | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: A fatal explosion and sudden earthquake rock Los Angeles, and reporter John Benson seizes his chance to cover the breaking news of increasing seismic activity.
Title: Dog Soldiers | Genres: horror, action, thriller | Overview: A squad of British soldiers on training in the lonesome Scottish wilderness find a wounded Special Forces captain and the remains of his team. As they encounter zoologist Megan, it turns out that werewolves are active in the region. They have to prepare for some action as the there will be a full moon tonight...
Title: Plus One | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: Two single friends agree to be each others' respective plus one for each wedding they're invited to during a particularly busy nuptial period of their lives.
Title: Those Magnificent Men in Their Flying Machines or How I Flew from London to Paris in 25 hours 11 minutes | Genres: comedy | Overview: In order to boost circulation of his newspaper, Lord Rawnsley announces an air race and offers £10,000 to the first person who can fly across the English Channel. But one of the participants, Percy, plots to sabotage his competitor's planes. Will Percy triumph?
Title: Color of Love | Genres: drama, tv movie | Overview: An African American widow with two kids who has so much love to give, she often fosters children who need a home. She finds out that Peter and Rachel, the white siblings she fostered twice before, fled from their latest foster home.
Title: Candy | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A poet falls in love with an art student, who gravitates to his bohemian lifestyle -- and his love of heroin. Hooked as much on one another as they are on the drug, their relationship alternates between states of oblivion, self-destruction, and despair.
"Title: Alvin and the Chipmunks Meet Frankenstein | Genres: animation, comedy | Overview: While the Chipmunks are working at the amusement park, Majestic Movie Studios, in a singing attraction. Little do they know that the real Dr. Frankenstein are in a new attraction called, ""Frankenstein's Castle"". After Alvin drives a crazy bus ride, they miss their next performance and get locked in the park after closing time. Dr. Frankenstein figures that the castle isn't scary enough and re-creates the real Frankenstein and after the monster finds the boys, it starts a wild and wacky adventure!"
Title: Citizen Toxie: The Toxic Avenger IV | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: When the notorious Diaper Mafia take hostage the Tromaville School for the Very Special, only the Toxic Avenger and his morbidly obese sidekick Lardass can save Tromaville.
Title: Pale Rider | Genres: western | Overview: A mysterious preacher protects a humble prospector village from a greedy mining company trying to encroach on their land.
Title: Sugar & Spice | Genres: crime, comedy, drama | Overview: When Jack and Diane find themselves in an unexpected adult situation, the A-Squad comes to their rescue. In order to help their friend Diane, the A-Squad goes where no cheerleader has gone before: taking on a little after-school project known as bank robbery. But the A-Squad does things their way -- with sugar and spice -- forever changing their friendship, their future and the nation's notion of teen spirit.
Title: Enter the Void | Genres: fantasy, drama | Overview: This psychedelic tour of life after death is seen entirely from the point of view of Oscar, a young American drug dealer and addict living in Tokyo with his prostitute sister, Linda. When Oscar is killed by police during a bust gone bad, his spirit journeys from the past -- where he sees his parents before their deaths -- to the present -- where he witnesses his own autopsy -- and then to the future, where he looks out for his sister from beyond the grave.
Title: Bandits | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Two bank robbers fall in love with the girl they've kidnapped.
Title: Sink or Swim | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: 40-year-old Bertrand has been suffering from depression for the last two years and is barely able to keep his head above water. Despite the medication he gulps down all day, every day, and his wife's encouragement, he is unable to find any meaning in his life. Curiously, he will end up finding this sense of purpose at the swimming pool, by joining an all-male synchronised swimming team.
Title: Mom and Dad | Genres: thriller, horror, comedy | Overview: In a suburban community, moms and dads, one after the other, mysteriously feel the irresistible impulse to attack and kill their own offspring.
Title: Poison Ivy 2: Lily | Genres: drama, romance, thriller | Overview: A young and naive college art student becomes obsessed with assuming the identity and personality of a departed coed who used to live in her room, and in so doing causes complications that result in two men, a student and her art professor, lusting after her.
Title: Christmas with a View | Genres: romance, family, tv movie | Overview: This Christmas, Thunder Mountain Ski Resort is abuzz when celebrity chef Shane Roarke is named the new head chef. Clara Garrison isn't as excited and is instead focused on getting resettled after her failed attempt at opening a restaurant in the city. With their paths constantly crossing, will their shared passion for cooking bring them together or will secrets keep them apart?
Title: The Pelican Brief | Genres: mystery, drama, thriller, crime | Overview: Two Supreme Court Justices have been assassinated. One lone law student has stumbled upon the truth. An investigative journalist wants her story. Everybody else wants her dead.
Title: I Am Woman | Genres: music, drama | Overview: The story of Helen Reddy, who, in 1966, landed in New York with her three-year-old daughter, a suitcase, and $230 in her pocket. Within weeks, she was broke. Within months, she was in love. Within five years, she was one of the biggest superstars of her time and an icon of the 1970s feminist movement who wrote a song which galvanized a generation of women to fight for change.
Title: Family Guy Presents: It's a Trap! | Genres: animation, fantasy, comedy, science fiction, adventure | Overview: With the Griffins stuck again at home during a blackout, Peter tells the story of “Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi.”
Title: Forbidden Quest | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: A noble, high-class scholar starts to write erotic novels in 18th century of Chosun dynasty and falls in love with a king's woman.
Title: My Super Ex-Girlfriend | Genres: comedy, science fiction, romance | Overview: When New York architect Matt Saunders dumps his new girlfriend Jenny Johnson - a smart, sexy and reluctant superhero known as G-Girl - she uses her powers to make his life a living hell!
Title: Infamous | Genres: crime | Overview: Two young lovers rob their way across the southland, posting their exploits to social media, and gaining fame and followers as a result.
Title: The Patriot | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A deadly virus threatens to wipe out an entire Rocky Mountain town, leaving the town doctor to find some way to escape the soldiers who enforce the town's quarantine and devise an antidote. Matters take a more deadly turn after the physician is captured by a dangerously unstable band of militia extremists.
Title: Exam | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: The final candidates for a highly desirable corporate job are locked together in an exam room and given a test so simple and confusing that tension begins to unravel.
Title: Femme Fatale | Genres: thriller, crime, romance | Overview: A woman tries to straighten out her life, even as her past as a con-woman comes back to haunt her.
Title: Hamburger Hill | Genres: war, action, drama | Overview: The men of Bravo Company are facing a battle that's all uphill… up Hamburger Hill. Fourteen war-weary soldiers are battling for a mud-covered mound of earth so named because it chews up soldiers like chopped meat. They are fighting for their country, their fellow soldiers and their lives. War is hell, but this is worse. Hamburger Hill tells it the way it was, the way it really was. It's a raw, gritty and totally unrelenting dramatic depiction of one of the fiercest battles of America's bloodiest war. This happened. Hamburger Hill - war at its worst, men at their best.
Title: The Tailor of Panama | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A British spy is banished to Panama after having an affair with an ambassador's mistress. Once there he makes connection with a local tailor with a nefarious past and connections to all of the top political and gangster figures in Panama. The tailor also has a wife, who works for the Panamanian president and a huge debt. The mission is to learn what the President intends to do with the Canal.
Title: Queen of Katwe | Genres: drama | Overview: A young girl overcomes her disadvantaged upbringing in the slums of Uganda to become a Chess master.
Title: Wyatt Earp | Genres: western, drama, action, adventure | Overview: Covering the life and times of one of the West's most iconic heroes Wyatt Earp weaves an intricate tale of Earp and his friends and family. With a star studded cast, sweeping cinematography and authentic costumes Wyatt Earp led the way during the Western revival in the 90's.
Title: Capricorn One | Genres: drama, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: In order to protect the reputation of the American space program, a team of scientists stages a phony Mars landing. Willingly participating in the deception are a trio of well-meaning astronauts, who become liabilities when their space capsule is reported lost on re-entry. Now, with the help of a crusading reporter, they must battle a sinister conspiracy that will stop at nothing to keep the truth.
Title: Top Cat Begins | Genres: comedy, animation, family | Overview: Top Cat and his new feline friend hatch a scheme to steal from the fearful Mr. Big.
Title: If I Were a Boy | Genres: comedy | Overview: Jeanne wakes up one morning and her life is about to take a funny turn, at first sight nothing has changed in her - to a small detail.
Title: Hot Summer Nights | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: A teen winds up in over his head while dealing drugs with a rebellious partner and chasing the young man's enigmatic sister during the summer of 1991 that he spends on Cape Cod, Massachusetts.
Title: The Notorious Bettie Page | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Bettie Page grew up in a conservative religious family in Tennessee and became a photo model sensation in 1950s New York. Bettie's legendary pin-up photos made her the target of a Senate investigation into pornography, and transformed her into an erotic icon who continues to enthrall fans to this day.
Title: Police Academy 6: City Under Siege | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Our favourite police men are called together to deal with a gang who rob banks and jewelers. Using their various talents as well as their extraordinary luck, the crooks stand no chance against our men and women in blue.
Title: October Sky | Genres: family, drama | Overview: Based on the true story of Homer Hickam, a coal miner's son who was inspired by the first Sputnik launch to take up rocketry against his father's wishes, and eventually became a NASA scientist.
Title: The City of Lost Children | Genres: fantasy, science fiction, adventure | Overview: A scientist in a surrealist society kidnaps children to steal their dreams, hoping that they slow his aging process.
Title: The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: British retirees travel to India to take up residence in what they believe is a newly restored hotel. Less luxurious than its advertisements, the Marigold Hotel nevertheless slowly begins to charm in unexpected ways as the residents find new purpose in their old age.
Title: Nim's Island | Genres: adventure, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: A young girl inhabits an isolated island with her scientist father and communicates with a reclusive author of the novel she's reading.
Title: Occupation | Genres: action, science fiction, drama | Overview: Town residents must band together after a devastating alien invasion. As they struggle to survive, they realize they must stay one step ahead of their attackers and work together for a chance to strike back.
Title: Honey | Genres: music, drama, romance, family | Overview: Honey Daniels dreams of making a name for herself as a hip-hop choreographer. When she's not busy hitting downtown clubs with her friends, she teaches dance classes at a nearby community center in Harlem, N.Y., as a way to keep kids off the streets. Honey thinks she's hit the jackpot when she meets a hotshot director casts her in one of his music videos. But, when he starts demanding sexual favors from her, Honey makes a decision that will change her life.
Title: Swiss Family Robinson | Genres: adventure, family | Overview: After being shipwrecked, the Robinson family is marooned on an island inhabited only by an impressive array of wildlife. In true pioneer spirit, they quickly make themselves at home but soon face a danger even greater than nature: dastardly pirates. A rousing adventure suitable for the whole family, this Disney adaptation of the classic Johann Wyss novel stars Dorothy McGuire and John Mills as Mother and Father Robinson.
Title: The Cabbage Soup | Genres: comedy, science fiction | Overview: Two buddy farmers are visited by aliens who like their domestic cabbage soup.
"Title: Women in Fury | Genres: action, drama | Overview: The young, pretty and shy Angela Duvall is jailed for murder in some Latin American country. In the prison she gets brutally ""initiated"" by the other inmates. The nice, honest and handsome prison doctor believe she's innocent and tries to help her out."
Title: LEGO Scooby-Doo! Blowout Beach Bash | Genres: animation, comedy, family, mystery | Overview: Mystery, Inc. heads to Blowout Beach for a real swinging beach party when the Ghost Pirates threaten to harsh the good vibes.
Title: August: Osage County | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A look at the lives of the strong-willed women of the Weston family, whose paths have diverged until a family crisis brings them back to the Midwest house they grew up in, and to the dysfunctional woman who raised them.
Title: Krull | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: A prince and a fellowship of companions set out to rescue his bride from a fortress of alien invaders who have arrived on their home planet.
Title: A Fortunate Man | Genres: drama | Overview: On his quest for happiness, Per decides to leave Jutland and an upbringing in a strict religious home. He runs from his family and his patriarch father, and sets sail towards Copenhagen to become an engineer. Parallel to his studies, he works on a visionary energy project based on wind and wave energy, a project so much ahead of its time, that professors consider him insane and far too self-confident. However, Per’s project becomes a success and he marries the beautiful Jakobe who is a part of a wealthy Jewish family. One would imagine that Per’s happiness now is made. But Per’s childhood keeps haunting him and his dogmatic family cannot accept his new life. Despite his luck and success, Per is unable to fully cut the strings to his strict religious background, and he now fears that he will repeat his father’s patriarchist behavior.
Title: Be Somebody | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: Pop superstar Jordan Jaye (Matthew Espinosa) has a big dream he just wants to live like a regular teenager. When he's chased down by some excited female fans, he finds a perfect hideout and a reluctant new friend from a small town, high-school art student, Emily Lowe (Sarah Jeffery, Descendants). Despite being from different worlds, they soon discover they have way more in common than they ever imagined. Over the course of several days, the two embark on an unexpected journey of friendship, first love and self-discovery -- proving that maybe opposites really do attract.
Title: 3 from Hell | Genres: horror | Overview: After barely surviving a furious shootout with the police, Baby Firefly, Otis Driftwood and Captain Spaulding are behind bars. But pure evil cannot be contained. Teaming up with Otis’ half-brother Winslow, the demented Firefly clan escape to unleash a whole new wave of murder, madness and mayhem.
Title: What Doesn't Kill You | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: Two childhood friends from South Boston turn to crime as a way to get by, ultimately causing a strain in their personal lives and their friendship.
Title: The Room | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Johnny is a successful banker with great respect for and dedication to the people in his life, especially his future wife Lisa. The happy-go-lucky guy sees his world being torn apart when his friends begin to betray him one-by-one.
Title: Aftershock | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Mayhem and death follow when an earthquake traps a group of tourists in a Chilean town.
Title: According to Greta | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Dumped on her grandparents for the summer by her indifferent mother, acerbic and self-destructive teenager Greta disrupts the elderly couple's staid life on the Jersey Shore. Eventually, a romance helps Greta face down her demons.
Title: Shrek the Musical | Genres: music, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Shrek The Musical is a musical with music by Jeanine Tesori and book and lyrics by David Lindsay-Abaire. It is based on the 2001 DreamWorks Animation's film Shrek and William Steig's 1990 book Shrek! It was nominated for 8 Tony Awards including Best Musical.
Title: Sexo Profundo | Genres: drama, crime, horror | Overview: A woman catches her husband cheating on her so she drugs him, castrates him and then keeps him chained up in the basement where he's forced to watch her have sex with other men before she kills them.
Title: 11-11-11 | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: After the death of his wife and child, an author travels to Barcelona to see his estranged brother and dying father, where he learns that his life is plagued by events that occur on 11/11/11.
Title: Rape Zombie: Lust of the Dead 3 | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: The zombies that arose after the nuclear outbreak are still high in numbers. The group of girls have lost some of their comrades and are fighting off the horny zombies to stay alive themselves. Can they stop the plague for once and for all?
Title: Corona Zombies | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: Ditsy damsels in distress, toilet paper famine, inept world leaders, mass-media gone wild, a virus from Hell and hordes of ghouls hungry for human flesh combine in Full Moon's maniacal horror comedy hybrid CORONA ZOMBIES!
Title: Emmanuelle: Queen of Sados | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: After years of abuse at the hands of her husband, a woman, Emmanouella, is pushed to the breaking point. She hires a hitman to do in her husband, but just when she thinks her troubles are at an end, the assassin blackmails her. As her husband's business partner struggles to prove her guilt, and as the hitman continues to threaten her new found security, Emmanouella struggles to keep her name clear and to keep her naive stepdaughter from becoming tangled in the web of danger she has created.
Title: Ruby & Quentin | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: After hiding his loot and getting thrown in jail, Ruby, a brooding outlaw encounters Quentin, a dim-witted and garrulous giant who befriends him. After Quentin botches a solo escape attempt, they make a break together. Unable to shake the clumsy Quentin Ruby is forced to take him along as he pursues his former partners in crime to avenge the death of the woman he loved and get to the money.
Title: The Boondock Saints II: All Saints Day | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: Skillfully framed by an unknown enemy for the murder of a priest, wanted vigilante MacManus brothers Murphy and Connor must come out of hiding on a sheep farm in Ireland to fight for justice in Boston.
Title: Trespass Against Us | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: Three generations of the rowdy Cutler family live as outlaws in some of Britain's richest countryside – hunting hares, ram-raiding stately homes, and taunting the police. Struggling to retain a way of life fast becoming extinct, Chad Cutler ends up caught between his father's archaic principles and trying to do right by his kids, whilst the full force of the law is finally catching up with him.
Title: Aline | Genres: drama, comedy, music | Overview: For Aline Dieu, nothing in the world matters more than music, family and love. Her powerful and emotional voice captivates everyone who hears it, including successful manager Guy-Claude Kamar, who resolves to do everything in his power to make her a star. As Aline climbs from local phenomenon to bestselling recording artist to international superstar, she embarks on the two great romances of her life: one with the decades-older Guy- Claude and the other with her adoring audiences.
Title: Sniper: Reloaded | Genres: war, action, thriller, drama | Overview: Brandon Beckett (Collins), the son of the previous Sniper film's star Thomas Beckett (Tom Berenger), takes up the mantle set by his father and goes on a mission of his own.
Title: Gone Baby Gone | Genres: crime, drama, mystery | Overview: When 4 year old Amanda McCready disappears from her home and the police make little headway in solving the case, the girl's aunt, Beatrice McCready hires two private detectives, Patrick Kenzie and Angie Gennaro. The detectives freely admit that they have little experience with this type of case, but the family wants them for two reasons—they're not cops and they know the tough neighborhood in which they all live.
Title: Parenthood | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: The story of the Buckman family and friends, attempting to bring up their children. They suffer/enjoy all the events that occur: estranged relatives, the 'black sheep' of the family, the eccentrics, the skeletons in the closet, and the rebellious teenagers.
Title: The Wizard of Lies | Genres: crime, drama, history, thriller, tv movie | Overview: A look behind the scenes at Bernie Madoff's massive Ponzi scheme, how it was perpetrated on the public and the trail of destruction it left in its wake, both for the victims and Madoff's family.
Title: The Perfect Dictatorship | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: TV MX, the most powerful Mexican Television Corporation, discloses a scandalous story involving Governor Carmelo Vargas in serious crimes and illicit business. Governor Vargas worried about his political future, decides to clean his image and negotiates a billionaire secret agreement with the owners of the TV Corporation. Carlos Rojo, an ambitious young news producer, and Ricardo Diaz, TV network star reporter, are responsible for making a dirty campaign to change the image the public has of the corrupt Governor and make him, at any cost, a political star and a great presidential candidate. Mexican Television believes that democracy is a farce and has already placed one President... Will they do it again?
Title: Getaway | Genres: action, crime | Overview: Former race car driver Brent Magna is pitted against the clock. Desperately trying to save the life of his kidnapped wife, Brent commandeers a custom Ford Shelby GT500 Super Snake, taking it and its unwitting owner on a high-speed race against time, at the command of the mysterious villain holding his wife hostage.
Title: Bad Santa | Genres: drama, comedy, crime | Overview: A miserable conman and his partner pose as Santa and his Little Helper to rob department stores on Christmas Eve. But they run into problems when the conman befriends a troubled kid.
Title: Rogue Warfare | Genres: action, war | Overview: A group of military elite from the U.S., Russia, UK, China and France join forces to fight an elite underground terrorist network.
Title: Manhunt | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: Accused of a murder he didn't commit, a prosecutor sets out on a mission to clear his name.
"Title: Tomorrow, When the War Began | Genres: action, adventure, drama | Overview: Ellie Linton, a teen from an Australian coastal town, leads her friends on an excursion to a camp deep in the woods, dubbed ""Hell."" Upon their return, the youths find that their town has been overrun by an enemy army, and their friends and family have been imprisoned. When the hostile invaders become alerted to their presence, Ellie and her friends band together to escape -- and strike back against -- this mysterious enemy."
Title: The Awakening | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: 1921 England is overwhelmed by the loss and grief of World War I. Hoax exposer Florence Cathcart (Hall) visits a boarding school to explain sightings of a child ghost.
"Title: Celebrity Sex Tape | Genres: comedy | Overview: A group of college nerds secretly record a washed up celebrity having sex and post the tape on the internet. When the publicity revives the actress's career, every B-list celebrity, reality show reject, and celebutante in Hollywood want to star in the guys next ""production."""
Title: Occupation: Rainfall | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: Two years into an intergalactic invasion of Earth, survivors in Sydney, Australia, fight back in a desperate ground war. As casualties mount by the day, the resistance and their unexpected allies, uncover a plot that could see the war come to a decisive end. With the Alien invaders hell-bent on making earth their new home, the race is on to save mankind.
Title: United 93 | Genres: drama, history, crime, thriller, action | Overview: A real-time account of the events on United Flight 93, one of the planes hijacked on 9/11 that crashed near Shanksville, Pennsylvania when passengers foiled the terrorist plot.
Title: Punch-Drunk Love | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A socially awkward and volatile small business owner meets the love of his life after being threatened by a gang of scammers.
Title: Scooby-Doo! Meets the Boo Brothers | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, family, tv movie | Overview: When Shaggy inherits an old Southern estate from an uncle, he and his sleuthing hounds take a road trip. But they don't even make it to the mansion before the haunting starts. Amid headless horsemen, walking skeletons, and a menacing butler, Scooby, Scrappy, and Shaggy get majorly spooked.
Title: Kuch Kuch Hota Hai | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Anjali is left heartbroken when her best friend and secret crush, Rahul, falls in love with Tina. Years later, Tina's young daughter tries to fulfil her mother's last wish of uniting Rahul and Anjali.
Title: Elisa & Marcela | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In 1901, Marcela Gracia Ibeas took on the identity of Mario Sánchez to marry her lover of fifteen years, Elisa Sanchez Loriga.
Title: Music and Lyrics | Genres: comedy, music, romance | Overview: A washed-up '80s pop star gets a chance at a comeback when reigning pop diva Cora Corman invites him to write & record a duet with her, but there's a problem--Alex hasn't written a song in years; he's never written lyrics and he has to come up with a hit in a matter of days.
Title: Four Rooms | Genres: crime, comedy | Overview: It's Ted the Bellhop's first night on the job...and the hotel's very unusual guests are about to place him in some outrageous predicaments. It seems that this evening's room service is serving up one unbelievable happening after another.
Title: Blow Out | Genres: thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: Jack Terry is a master sound recordist who works on grade-B horror movies. Late one evening, he is recording sounds for use in his movies when he hears something unexpected through his sound equipment and records it. Curiosity gets the better of him when the media become involved, and he begins to unravel the pieces of a nefarious conspiracy. As he struggles to survive against his shadowy enemies and expose the truth, he does not know whom he can trust.
Title: The Monster | Genres: horror, drama | Overview: A mother and her 10-year old daughter are trapped in a forest. There is something in this forest. Something unlike anything they have heard before. Something that lurks in the darkness and it’s coming after them.
"Title: El Cid | Genres: action, drama, history, romance, war | Overview: Epic film of the legendary Spanish hero, Rodrigo Diaz (""El Cid"" to his followers), who, without compromising his strict sense of honour, still succeeds in taking the initiative and driving the Moors from Spain."
Title: A Christmas Prince: The Royal Baby | Genres: romance, family | Overview: Christmas brings the ultimate gift to Aldovia: a royal baby. But first, Queen Amber must help her family and kingdom by finding a missing peace treaty.
"Title: Avalon High | Genres: fantasy, family, drama, tv movie | Overview: Disney Channel's production of Julie Sherman Wolfe's screenplay adaptation of the popular novel Avalon High by Meg Cabot. Elaine ""Ellie"" Harrison has just moved from Minnesota to Annapolis, Maryland while her parents take a year long sabbatical to continue their medieval studies in nearby DC. Her new high school, Avalon High, seems like a typical high school with the stereotypical students: Lance the jock, Jennifer the cheerleader, Marco, the bad boy/desperado, and Will, the senior class president, quarterback, and all around good guy. But not everyone at Avalon High is who they appear to be, not even Ellie herself. Eventually, it becomes apparent that Avalon High is a situation where the ancient Arthurian legend is repeating itself. Will, Jennifer, Lance, Marco, and Mr. Morton all correspond to King Arthur, Queen Guinevere, Knight Lancelot, Mordred, and Merlin, respectively."
Title: Planetarium | Genres: drama, fantasy, mystery | Overview: In 1930s France, two sisters who are thought to be able to communicate with ghosts meet a visionary producer while performing in Paris.
"Title: Taylor Swift: The 1989 World Tour - Live | Genres: music, documentary | Overview: Filmed in front of 76,000 fans at the ANZ Stadium in Sydney, Australia, ""The 1989 World Tour Live"" captures Taylor Swift's entire performance while also mixing in behind-the-scene, rehearsal, and special guest footage from her 1989 Tour."
Title: Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Rahul, the adoptive son of business magnate Yash Raichand, feels eternal gratitude to his father for rescuing him from a life of poverty. Yet, when Yash forbids his love of poor Anjali, Rahul marries her and moves to London with new wife and sister-in-law, breaking the heart of his mother. Ten years later, Rahul's younger brother comes to London intent on brokering peace between father and son.
Title: Fired Up! | Genres: comedy | Overview: 2 Guys. 300 Girls. You Do the Math. The two most popular guys in high school decide to ditch football camp for cheerleader camp. For the girls and for the glory.
"Title: Adventures of Bailey: The Lost Puppy | Genres: family | Overview: Bailey, an adorable Golden Retriever puppy, is moving! On the road trip to their new home, his family makes a stop and mistakenly leaves Bailey behind. This mischievous and playful pup sets out to find his family and stumbles across ""Sharkarosa,"" an exotic wildlife ranch. At the ranch, Bailey meets and is befriended by an assortment of animals, including kangaroos, camels, a bearcat, a baby tiger, and ""Puck,"" the sheepdog entrusted with running ""Sharkarosa."" Will Bailey ever see his family again? Or will he be left to work at the ranch until the ""Cows Come Home?"""
Title: The Chronicles of Riddick | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: After years of outrunning ruthless bounty hunters, escaped convict Riddick suddenly finds himself caught between opposing forces in a fight for the future of the human race. Now, waging incredible battles on fantastic and deadly worlds, this lone, reluctant hero will emerge as humanity's champion - and the last hope for a universe on the edge of annihilation.
Title: Detective Conan: The Fourteenth Target | Genres: crime, thriller, animation | Overview: A mysterious attacker has appeared and is assaulting people whose names contain a number from the standard deck of cards in descending order. When Conan Edogawa points out that all the victims are related to the now famous detective Kogorou Mouri, suspicion immediately falls upon the recently released convict Jou Murakami, as Kogorou was the one responsible for his arrest ten years prior. With potential victims still at risk, Conan and the police are determined to catch the culprit. As the case gradually unfolds, both Conan and his friend Ran Mouri learn more about her parents' separation and the truth on what transpired a decade ago.
Title: Everybody Knows | Genres: drama | Overview: Laura, a Spanish woman living in Buenos Aires, returns to her hometown outside Madrid with her Argentinian husband and children. However, the trip is upset by unexpected events that bring secrets into the open.
Title: La Belle Noiseuse | Genres: drama | Overview: The former famous painter Frenhofer lives quietly with his wife on a countryside residence in the French Provence. When the young artist Nicolas visits him with his girlfriend Marianne, Frenhofer decides to start again the work on a painting he long ago stopped: La Belle Noiseuse. And he wants Marianne as model.
Title: A Single Man | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: The life of George Falconer, a British college professor, is reeling with the recent and sudden loss of his longtime partner. This traumatic event makes George challenge his own will to live as he seeks the console of his close girl friend Charley, who is struggling with her own questions about life.
Title: Savages | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Pot growers Ben and Chon face off against the Mexican drug cartel who kidnapped their shared girlfriend.
"Title: The Frighteners | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: Once an architect, Frank Bannister now passes himself off as an exorcist of evil spirits. To bolster his facade, he claims his ""special"" gift is the result of a car accident that killed his wife. But what he does not count on is more people dying in the small town where he lives. As he tries to piece together the supernatural mystery of these killings, he falls in love with the wife of one of the victims and deals with a crazy FBI agent."
Title: One Eight Seven | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: After surviving a stabbing by a student, teacher Trevor Garfield moves from New York to Los Angeles. There, he resumes teaching as a substitute teacher. The education system, where violent bullies control the classrooms and the administration is afraid of lawsuits, slowly drives Garfield mad.
Title: Semper Fi | Genres: drama, action | Overview: Cal is a dedicated cop who also serves as a sergeant in the Marine Corps Reserve. When his reckless half brother lands in jail for accidentally killing a man, Cal and his buddies hatch a plan to break him out of prison -- no matter what the cost.
Title: First Daughter | Genres: comedy, drama, family, romance | Overview: Samantha MacKenzie, the daughter of the president of the United States, arrives at college with a group of Secret Service agents. Samantha, however, resents their presence and decides she wants to attend school just like a normal student. Her father agrees to recall the agents but secretly assigns James, an undercover agent, to pose as a student. They fall in love, but their romance is jeopardized when Samantha learns James' true identity.
Title: Bordertown | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: American corporations are using the North American Free Trade Agreement by opening large maquiladoras right across the United States–Mexico border. The maquiladoras hire mostly Mexican women to work long hours for little money in order to produce mass quantity products. Lauren Adrian, an impassioned American news reporter for the Chicago Sentinel wants to be assigned to the Iraq front-lines to cover the war. Instead, her editor George Morgan assigns her to investigate a series of slayings involving young maquiladora factory women in a Mexican bordertown.
Title: Urban Legends: Final Cut | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: The making of a horror movie takes on a terrifying reality for students at the most prestigious film school in the country. At Alpine University, someone is determined to win the best film award at any cost - even if it means eliminating the competition. No one is safe and everyone is a suspect.
Title: Womb | Genres: romance, science fiction | Overview: A woman's consuming love forces her to bear the clone of her dead beloved. From his infancy to manhood, she faces the unavoidable complexities of her controversial decision.
Title: Walking Out | Genres: adventure, drama, thriller | Overview: A city teen travels to Montana to go hunting with his estranged father, only for the strained trip to become a battle for survival when they encounter a grizzly bear.
Title: Riki-Oh: The Story of Ricky | Genres: comedy, action, thriller | Overview: Hard man Ricky is incarcerated in a futuristic prison where ultra-violence is his only means of survival in the corrupt, sadistic system. He must battle his way quite literally 'through' the feared 'gang of four', and undergo multiple tortures before facing the governor in one of the goriest climaxes ever seen.
Title: Little Lips | Genres: drama | Overview: A writer returns home to his estate after service in World War I. He has developed a very bad case of depression due to a war wound concerning his genitalia. He contemplates suicide, but recovers after becoming interested in his caretaker's 12 year-old war orphan niece, who now lives in the manor.
Title: Kill the Irishman | Genres: action, crime, thriller, drama | Overview: Over the summer of 1976, thirty-six bombs detonate in the heart of Cleveland while a turf war raged between Irish mobster Danny Greene and the Italian mafia. Based on a true story, Kill the Irishman chronicles Greene's heroic rise from a tough Cleveland neighborhood to become an enforcer in the local mob.
Title: The Last American Virgin | Genres: comedy | Overview: The friendship of a group of young friends struggling with teen sex, drugs, and work is jeopardized by a romantic interest which may turn pals into bitter rivals.
Title: Legal Eagles | Genres: comedy, crime, romance, thriller | Overview: District Attorney Tom Logan is set for higher office, at least until he becomes involved with defence lawyer Laura Kelly and her unpredictable client Chelsea Deardon. It seems the least of Chelsea's crimes is the theft of a very valuable painting, but as the women persuade Logan to investigate further and to cut some official corners, a much more sinister scenario starts to emerge.
Title: 2012: Ice Age | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: A volcanic eruption in Iceland sends a glacier towards North America, causing everything in it's path to freeze. A family man struggles to escape the onslaught of the coming ice age.
Title: Grumpy Old Men | Genres: comedy | Overview: For decades, next-door neighbors and former friends John and Max have feuded, trading insults and wicked pranks. When an attractive widow moves in nearby, their bad blood erupts into a high-stakes rivalry full of naughty jokes and adolescent hijinks.
Title: Wolf | Genres: fantasy, drama, horror | Overview: Publisher Will Randall becomes a werewolf and has to fight to keep his job.
Title: 3 Ninjas Knuckle Up | Genres: family, adventure, action, comedy | Overview: Rocky, Colt and TumTum must battle an evil wealthy toxic waste dumper in order to save a local Indian tribe and their friend Joe. The 3 Ninjas must help find Joe's father and find a secret disk that contains evidence that could stop the toxic landfill that is destroying the Indian community. However the town is owned by the rich man and he controls the police and even the mayor. They must fight a motorcycle gang and renegade cowboys in this non-stop ninja adventure.
Title: The Muppet Christmas Carol | Genres: music, comedy, family, fantasy, drama | Overview: A retelling of the classic Dickens tale of Ebenezer Scrooge, miser extraordinaire. He is held accountable for his dastardly ways during night-time visitations by the Ghosts of Christmas Past, Present, and Future.
Title: Bram Stoker's Van Helsing | Genres: horror | Overview: England, 1897. Abraham Van Helsing receives a letter from his former student Dr John Seward requesting his urgent assistance in the northern town of Whitby, where his fiancée Lucy is showing all the signs of vampirism. Van Helsing follows the bloody trail to the coffin of Count Dracula himself. Van Helsing is a fresh take on the legend of Dracula through the eyes of his greatest enemy.
Title: The Count of Monte-Cristo | Genres: adventure, action, drama, history, tv movie | Overview: A TV adaptation of the classic Alexandre Dumas novel. Edmond Dantes is falsely accused by those jealous of his good fortune, and is sentenced to spend the rest of his life in the notorious island prison, Chateau d'If. While imprisoned, he meets the Abbe Faria, a fellow prisoner whom everyone believes to be mad. The Abbe tells Edmond of a fantastic treasure hidden away on a tiny island, that only he knows the location of. After many years in prison, the old Abbe dies, and Edmond escapes disguised as the dead body. Now free, Edmond must find the treasure the Abbe told him of, so he can use the new-found wealth to exact revenge on those who have wronged him.
Title: Coming Home in the Dark | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A school teacher is forced to confront a brutal act from his past when a pair of ruthless drifters takes him and his family on a nightmare road-trip.
Title: Pirates of the Caribbean: Tales of the Code – Wedlocked | Genres: adventure, action, fantasy | Overview: Wenches Scarlett and Giselle fix each other up for their wedding, in which they would each marry their groom. Upon realizing that both their grooms were the same man, Jack Sparrow, the two wenches found themselves in an auction led by the Auctioneer. This short film serves as a prequel to The Curse of the Black Pearl, and explains just why Jack Sparrow's boat the Jolly Mon was seen sinking at the beginning of the whole story; why the wenches were so upset with him; and how Cotton lost his tongue.
"Title: Gintama: The Movie | Genres: action, comedy, science fiction, animation | Overview: Odd Jobs Gin has taken on a lot of odd work in the past, and when you're a Jack of All Trades agency based in a feudal Japan that's been conquered and colonized by aliens, the term ""Odd Jobs"" means REALLY ODD jobs. But when some more than slightly suspicious secrets from the shadows of Gintoki Sakata's somewhat shady former samurai past and a new pair of odd jobs collide, the action is bound to get so wild and demented that only a feature film will do it justice!"
Title: Kung Fu Dunk | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: Shi-Jie is a brilliant martial artist from the Kung Fu School. One day, he encounters a group of youths playing basketball and shows off how easy it is for him, with his martial arts training, to do a Slam Dunk. Watching him was Chen-Li, a shrewd businessman, who recruits him to play varsity basketball at the local university.
Title: Manny | Genres: documentary, drama | Overview: From abject poverty to becoming a ten-time boxing world champion, congressman, and international icon, Manny Pacquiao is the true definition of a Cinderella story. In the Philippines, he first entered the ring as a sixteen-year-old weighing ninety-eight pounds with the goal of earning money to feed his family. Now, almost twenty years later, when he fights, the country of 100 million people comes to a complete standstill to watch. Regarded for his ability to bring people together, Pacquiao entered the political arena in 2010. As history’s first boxing congressman, Pacquiao now fights for his people both inside and outside of the ring. Now at the height of his career, he is faced with maneuvering an unscrupulous sport while maintaining his political duties. The question now is, what bridge is too far for Manny Pacquiao to cross?
Title: Doraemon: Nobita's Chronicle of the Moon Exploration | Genres: animation, adventure | Overview: During a Japanese robotic exploration to find life on the other side of the moon, Nobita is watching from Earth and sees the moon turn yellow. With the help of Doraemon, the pair travel to the moon and create bunnies that will build their own colony. After he returns, Nobita tells his class about their adventure but no one will believe him. That is until a new student and his sister arrive who appear to come from a very far away place...
Title: Veinteañera, Divorciada y Fantástica | Genres: comedy | Overview: Regina, our young protagonist, always dreamed of getting married. And she did it - but the dream lasted much less than she thought and now she has to face life in a very funny way as a divorcee.
Title: The Little Witch | Genres: family, comedy, drama | Overview: The little witch is only 127 years old – too young for the annual coven of witches. Although she is not yet old enough to be a real witch she wants to become a really good one. This decision causes trouble inside her magic world.
Title: Birth | Genres: mystery, drama, romance | Overview: It took Anna 10 years to recover from the death of her husband, Sean, but now she's on the verge of marrying her boyfriend, Joseph, and finally moving on. However, on the night of her engagement party, a young boy named Sean turns up, saying he is her dead husband reincarnated. At first she ignores the child, but his knowledge of her former husband's life is uncanny, leading her to believe that he might be telling the truth.
Title: At Eternity's Gate | Genres: drama | Overview: Famed but tormented artist Vincent van Gogh spends his final years in Arles, France, painting masterworks of the natural world that surrounds him.
Title: Gentlemen Prefer Blondes | Genres: music, comedy, romance | Overview: Lorelei Lee is a beautiful showgirl engaged to be married to the wealthy Gus Esmond, much to the disapproval of Gus' rich father, Esmond Sr., who thinks that Lorelei is just after his money. When Lorelei goes on a cruise accompanied only by her best friend, Dorothy Shaw, Esmond Sr. hires Ernie Malone, a private detective, to follow her and report any questionable behavior that would disqualify her from the marriage.
Title: Mi Prima La Sexóloga | Genres: comedy | Overview: A young man is afraid of asking for sex tips to his cousin, the sexologist.
Title: Oliver Twist | Genres: crime, drama, family | Overview: Oliver Twist the modern filmed version of Charles Dickens bestseller, a Roman Polanski adaptation. The classic Dickens tale, where an orphan meets a pickpocket on the streets of London. From there, he joins a household of boys who are trained to steal for their master.
Title: Iron Eagle | Genres: action | Overview: When Doug's father, an Air Force Pilot, is shot down by MiGs belonging to a radical Middle Eastern state, no one seems able to get him out. Doug finds Chappy, an Air Force Colonel who is intrigued by the idea of sending in two fighters piloted by himself and Doug to rescue Doug's father after bombing the MiG base.
Title: Echelon Conspiracy | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Mysterious cell phone messages promise a young American engineer untold wealth - then make him the target of a deadly international plot. Dangerous security operatives chase the engineer across the globe, while a powerful government official pursues a mysterious agenda that threatens the stability of the entire world.
Title: The Professor | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A world-weary college professor is given a life-changing diagnosis and decides to throw all pretense and conventions to the wind and live his life as boldly and freely as possible with a biting sense of humor, a reckless streak and a touch of madness.
Title: Witness | Genres: crime, drama, romance, thriller | Overview: A sheltered Amish child is the sole witness of a brutal murder in a restroom at a Philadelphia train station, and he must be protected. The assignment falls to a taciturn detective who goes undercover in a Pennsylvania Dutch community. On the farm, he slowly assimilates despite his urban grit and forges a romantic bond with the child's beautiful mother.
Title: Robot | Genres: action, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: Dr. Vasi invents a super-powered robot, Chitti, in his own image. The scientific body, AIRD, that must approve the robot, declines it based on its not having emotions and the ability to make rational judgment. A sudden flash of lightning evokes emotions in the robot, and Chitti is seemingly ready for integration into the human world. Then, Chitti falls in love with Dr. Vasi's fiancée Sana and turns on his creator.
Title: Thale | Genres: horror, fantasy | Overview: Norwegian folklore turns out to be real when Leo and Elvis encounter a girl called Thale in a basement. A regular cleaning job turns into a struggle for survival, while they're trying to figure out what or who Thale is. Could Thale be a huldra? A seductive forest spirit who appears from the front to be a beautiful young woman, but who also has a cow's tale and whose back appears to be like a hollowed out tree. The huldra has been known to offer rewards to those who satisfy them sexually, while death to those who fail to do so and are also prone to stealing human babies.
Title: Donovan's Reef | Genres: adventure, comedy, romance | Overview: 'Guns' Donovan prefers carousing with his pals Doc Dedham and 'Boats' Gilhooley, until Dedham's high-society daughter Amelia shows up in their South Seas paradise.
"Title: Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles | Genres: adventure, comedy | Overview: After settling in the tiny Australian town of Walkabout Creek with his significant other and his young son, Mick ""Crocodile"" Dundee is thrown for a loop when a prestigious Los Angeles newspaper offers his honey a job. The family migrates back to the United States, and Croc and son soon find themselves learning some lessons about American life -- many of them inadvertent"
Title: Any Given Sunday | Genres: drama | Overview: A star quarterback gets knocked out of the game and an unknown third stringer is called in to replace him. The unknown gives a stunning performance and forces the ageing coach to reevaluate his game plans and life. A new co-owner/president adds to the pressure of winning. The new owner must prove herself in a male dominated world.
Title: Pirates of Silicon Valley | Genres: drama | Overview: The story about the men who made the world of technology what it is today, their struggles during college, the founding of their companies, and the ingenious actions they took to build up the global corporate empires of Apple Computer Inc. and Microsoft Corporation.
Title: The Adventures of Pinocchio | Genres: family, fantasy, adventure, drama, music | Overview: One of puppet-maker Geppetto's creations comes magically to life. This puppet, Pinocchio, has one major desire and that is to become a real boy someday. In order to accomplish this goal he has to learn to act responsibly. This film shows you the adventures on which he learns valuable lessons.
Title: Serial (Bad) Weddings 2 | Genres: comedy | Overview: Claude and Marie Verneuil face a new crisis. The four spouses of their daughters, David, Rachid, Chao and Charles decided to leave France for various reasons. Here they are imagining their lives elsewhere.
Title: Violence in a Women's Prison | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Emanuelle goes undercover into a prison to expose the corrupted officials who are brutalizing the inmates. Emanuelle is shocked by the horrors and humiliation the prisoners are subjected to, but when her true identity is discovered, she finds herself at the receiving end.
"Title: Ace Ventura Jr: Pet Detective | Genres: comedy, family, adventure, crime | Overview: ""I will try to be normal"" 12-year-old Ace Ventura Jr. promises. Thats cool, except whats normal for him is finding missing mutts, kidnapped kitties or gone gators and creating hilarious chaos every step of the way."
Title: Leap of Faith | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Jonas Nightengale is a fraudulent Christian faith healer who makes a living travelling around America holding revival meetings and conducting 'miracles' with the help of his friend and manager, Jane, and their entourage.
Title: Stagecoach | Genres: western, adventure, action | Overview: A group of people traveling on a stagecoach find their journey complicated by the threat of Geronimo, and learn something about each other in the process.
Title: Satan's Slaves | Genres: horror, drama, mystery | Overview: After the death of Rini's mother, something is disturbing her family.
Title: Santa Paws 2: The Santa Pups | Genres: family, fantasy, adventure | Overview: An all-new Disney holiday classic is born - Santa Paws 2: The Santa Pups. Starring a brand-new litter of the cutest talking pups ever - Hope, Jingle, Charity, and Noble - it's perfect for the whole family. When Mrs. Claus travels to Pineville, the playful Santa Pups stow away on her sled. Taking mischief to a whole new level, they begin granting joyful wishes to Pineville's boys and girls, but something goes terribly wrong - the Christmas spirit begins to disappear. Now the Santa Pups and Mrs. Claus must race to save Christmas around the world. From the creators of Disney Buddies, this magical, heartwarming tale is brimming with hope, cheer, and Christmas spirit.
Title: Flowers in the Attic | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: After the death of her husband, a mother takes her kids off to live with their grandparents in a huge, decrepit old mansion. However, the kids are kept hidden in a room just below the attic, visited only by their mother who becomes less and less concerned about them and their failing health, and more concerned about herself and the inheritence she plans to win back from her dying father.
Title: Mystery Men | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action, comedy, science fiction | Overview: When Champion City's hero Captain Amazing is kidnapped by the recently paroled supervillain Casanova Frankenstein, a trio of average, everyday superheroes -- Mr. Furious, the Shoveler and the Blue Raja -- assemble a new super team to save him.
Title: Bait | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: Landing in jail for a petty theft crime, Alvin finds himself sharing a cell with John Jaster, the incarcerated half of the pair of high-tech thieves responsible for the missing gold. His partner, Bristol, is still at large. Alvin wants only to get out of prison and start fresh with his girlfriend, Lisa, and when the Feds, led by U.S. Treasury investigator Clenteen, set him loose on a sketchy deal, he thinks his luck has changed. Alvin has his freedom and the Feds have found their bait.
Title: Death Wish 3 | Genres: action | Overview: Architect/vigilante Paul Kersey arrives back in New York City and is forcibly recruited by a crooked police chief to fight street crime caused by a large gang terrorizing the neighborhoods.
Title: Almost Heroes | Genres: adventure, comedy, western | Overview: Two hapless explorers lead an ill-fated 1804 expedition through the Pacific Northwest in a hopeless, doomed effort to reach the Pacific Ocean before Lewis and Clark.
Title: Drive | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A getaway driver is attracted to a female neighbor whose husband owes money to a local gangster. As a result he is drawn deeper into a dangerous underworld.
Title: The Gauntlet | Genres: drama, action, crime, thriller | Overview: Phoenix cop Ben Shockley is well on his way to becoming a derelict when he is assigned to transport a witness from Las Vegas. The witness turns out to be a belligerent prostitute with mob ties—and incriminating information regarding a high-ranking figure.
Title: Our Times | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Office worker Truly Lin goes on a journey through her memories. 20 years ago, she had a crush on the most popular guy in school. Taiyu, a ruffian and a bully, is in love with the campus belle. Truly teams up with Taiyu to tear the golden couple apart and help each other to get the ones they love.
Title: Persecuted | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: After witnessing the murder of a little girl's parents, a young woman becomes the child's protector and is forced to flee from the killers while trying to discover their motive.
Title: My Little Pony: A Very Minty Christmas | Genres: animation, fantasy | Overview: The 'Here Comes Christmas Candy Cane' is an important part of Ponyville: it’s the beacon that shows jolly old Santa Claus the way to the town as he makes his holiday rounds each year. But when Minty accidentally breaks it, it looks like Ponyville is destined to have a bleak holiday season. Minty is determined to do anything to save Christmas for her Pony friends while they, in turn, band together to try and cheer up their despondent four-legged friend.
Title: Mannequin Two: On the Move | Genres: fantasy, comedy, science fiction, romance | Overview: Although Jason works as a department store clerk, he is also a reincarnated prince. Long ago, his beloved Jessie was snatched away from him by an evil wizard who used his powers to transform her into wooden statue. Now Jessie is in Jason's department store as a mannequin. When he encounters her, she awakens from her thousand-year sleep. They quickly revive their romance, but the evil wizard has been reincarnated as well, and he's up to no good.
Title: Splendor in the Grass | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A fragile Kansas girl's unrequited and forbidden love for a handsome young man from the town's most powerful family drives her to heartbreak and madness.
Title: Pieces of a Woman | Genres: drama | Overview: When a young mother's home birth ends in unfathomable tragedy, she begins a year-long odyssey of mourning that fractures relationships with loved ones in this deeply personal story of a woman learning to live alongside her loss.
Title: Nothing But the Truth | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: When reporter Rachel Armstrong writes a story that reveals the identity of a covert CIA operative, the government demands that Rachel reveal her source. She defies the special prosecutor and is thrown in jail. Meanwhile, her attorney, Albert Burnside argues her case all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Title: The Jungle Book | Genres: family, adventure, drama | Overview: Raised by wild animals since childhood, Mowgli is drawn away from the jungle by the beautiful Kitty. But Mowgli must eventually face corrupt Capt. Boone, who wants both Kitty's hand and the treasures of Monkey City – a place only Mowgli can find.
Title: Amazing Love | Genres: drama | Overview: Teen friends, Steve, Carrie, Cooper, and Gameboy embark on a weekend camping trip lead by their church youth group leader Stuart (Sean Astin) and his wife Beth (Erin Bethea). Joining them is an outsider Ashley, a self-involved rich kid, whose attitude causes a major commotion within the group, specifically between her and Carrie. Before it gets too out of hand though, Stuart takes this opportunity to share with the kids the incredibly powerful biblical story of Hosea; a story of immovable faith, impeccable commitment, and impervious love.
"Title: Fortress | Genres: action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: In the future, the inmates of a private underground prison are computer-controlled with cameras, dream readers, and devices that can cause pain or death. John (Christopher Lambert) and his illegally pregnant wife Karen (Loryn Locklin) are locked inside ""The Fortress"" but are determined to escape before the birth of their baby."
Title: Dream Factory | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: A romantic drama set in 1961 that follows a young studio extra's ambitious efforts to reunite with the French girl he loves after being separated by the construction of the Berlin Wall.
Title: Angela's Christmas | Genres: animation, family | Overview: A trip to church with her family on Christmas Eve gives young Angela an extraordinary idea. A heartwarming tale based on a story by Frank McCourt.
Title: The Swan Princess: A Royal Family Tale | Genres: family, animation, fantasy | Overview: Shortly after the Royal Family adopts a young girl named Alise, she is taken away into the forest. Princess Odette, Derek and their woodland friends, must work together to find a way to bring her home to the castle.
Title: Keanu | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: Friends hatch a plot to retrieve a stolen cat by posing as drug dealers for a street gang.
Title: Agatha and the Curse of Ishtar | Genres: crime | Overview: On an archaeological dig in Iraq, author Agatha Christie uncovers a series of murders.
Title: Five Nights at Freddy's: Forgotten Memories | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: In order to successfully reverse Afton's work, Mike Schmidt must free the spirit of The Golden Freddy. To do this, he applies at the now closing Freddy Fazbear's Pizza. As he does this, he must now avoid chaos from a new masked man who vows to continue Afton's legacy.
Title: Lolly-Madonna XXX | Genres: drama | Overview: Laban Feather brews Tennessee moonshine with his sons Thrush, Zack, Hawk, and Finch. The chief rivals of the Feather Family in producing and selling illegal corn liquor are the Gutshalls, father Pap, and sons Ludie, Seb, and Villum. In addition to fighting over the white lightning market, the two families have also been feuding over some land that each believes is their property. As a prank, Ludie mails a postcard from a fictitious woman named Lolly-Madonna to the Feather household, in order to get the brothers squabbling over which son has attracted the mysterious admirer. But the joke has unexpected consequences when Thrush and Hawk kidnap a woman who was passing through town to meet her fiancée, assuming that she is Lolly Madonna.
Title: Three Kings | Genres: action, comedy, war | Overview: A group of American soldiers stationed in Iraq at the end of the Gulf War find a map they believe will take them to a huge cache of stolen Kuwaiti gold hidden near their base, and they embark on a secret mission that's destined to change everything.
Title: Children of the Corn IV: The Gathering | Genres: horror | Overview: Grace Rhodes, who is studying to be a doctor, returns to her hometown as a strange illness is afflicting the local children. The symptoms include a high fever and spasms, but even weirder is what happens the next day: All those with the illness claim they are somebody else -- then they begin murdering the grown-ups. After her sister undergoes the same sinister metamorphosis, Grace comes to believe there is some connection to an evil cult figure who may be returning from the grave.
Title: The Haunting | Genres: horror | Overview: Dr. Markway, doing research to prove the existence of ghosts, investigates Hill House, a large, eerie mansion with a lurid history of violent death and insanity.
Title: Buried | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: Paul is a U.S. truck driver working in Iraq. After an attack by a group of Iraqis he wakes to find he is buried alive inside a coffin. With only a lighter and a cell phone it's a race against time to escape this claustrophobic death trap.
"Title: K-9 | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: The extravagant cop Michael Dooley needs some help to fight a drug dealer who has tried to kill him. A ""friend"" gives him a dog named Jerry Lee (Officer Lewis), who has been trained to smell drugs. With his help, Dooley sets out to put his enemy behind the bars, but Jerry Lee has a personality of his own and works only when he wants to. On the other hand, the dog is quite good at destroying Dooley's car, house and sex-life..."
Title: Message in a Bottle | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: A woman finds a romantic letter in a bottle washed ashore and tracks down the author, a widowed shipbuilder whose wife died tragically early. As a deep and mutual attraction blossoms, the man struggles to make peace with his past so that he can move on and find happiness.
Title: Erik the Viking | Genres: adventure, fantasy, comedy | Overview: Erik the Viking gathers warriors from his village and sets out on a dangerous journey to Valhalla, to ask the gods to end the Age of Ragnorok and allow his people to see sunlight again. A Pythonesque satire of Viking life.
Title: Tesla | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The story of the Promethean struggles of Nikola Tesla, as he attempts to transcend entrenched technology—including his own previous work—by pioneering a system of wireless energy that would change the world.
Title: Defiance | Genres: action, drama, history, war | Overview: Based on a true story, during World War II, four Jewish brothers escape their Nazi-occupied homeland of West Belarus in Poland and join the Soviet partisans to combat the Nazis. The brothers begin the rescue of roughly 1,200 Jews still trapped in the ghettos of Poland.
Title: Millennium Actress | Genres: animation, drama, romance | Overview: Documentary filmmaker Genya Tachibana has tracked down the legendary actress Chiyoko Fujiwara, who mysteriously vanished at the height of her career. When he presents her with a key she had lost and thought was gone forever, the filmmaker could not have imagined that it would not only unlock the long-held secrets of Chiyoko’s life... but also his own.
Title: Red Scorpion | Genres: adventure, action, war | Overview: A Russian KGB agent is sent to Africa to kill an anti-Communist black revolutionary. However, he has a change of heart when he sees how the Russians and their Cuban allies are killing and repressing the locals, so he switches sides and helps the rebels.
Title: Cabin Fever | Genres: horror | Overview: A group of five college graduates rent a cabin in the woods and begin to fall victim to a horrifying flesh-eating virus, which attracts the unwanted attention of the homicidal locals.
Title: The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension | Genres: science fiction, comedy, adventure, romance | Overview: Adventurer/surgeon/rock musician Buckaroo Banzai and his band of men, the Hong Kong Cavaliers, take on evil alien invaders from the 8th dimension.
Title: Dolphin Reef | Genres: documentary, family | Overview: Echo is a youngster who can't quite decide if it's time to grow up and take on new responsibilities-or give in to her silly side and just have fun. Dolphin society is tricky, and the coral reef that Echo and his family call home depends on all of its inhabitants to keep it healthy. But Echo has a tough time resisting the many adventures the ocean has to offer.
Title: Assassination Classroom: Graduation | Genres: science fiction, comedy, action | Overview: Story continues with the students' own conflicts, Koro Sensei’s identity and the fate of the world. The time limit for assassination is approaching.
Title: Tae Guk Gi: The Brotherhood of War | Genres: action, adventure, drama, history, war | Overview: When two brothers are forced to fight in the Korean War, the elder decides to take the riskiest missions if it will help shield the younger from battle.
Title: Lay the Favorite | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: A former stripper's talent with numbers lands her a job with a professional gambler who runs a sports book in Las Vegas.
Title: Airplane II: The Sequel | Genres: comedy | Overview: A faulty computer causes a passenger space shuttle to head straight for the sun, and man-with-a-past, Ted Striker must save the day and get the shuttle back on track – again – all the while trying to patch up his relationship with Elaine.
Title: Return To Zootopia | Genres: animation, action, adventure, comedy, drama, romance | Overview: In Zootopia, Judy Hopps and Nick Wilde have spent six months as partners in the ZPD, catching criminals and being the best at what they do - but their relationship is slowly flourishing into something more than friendship.
Title: Mickey's Trailer | Genres: animation, comedy | Overview: Goofy's in the driver's seat, Mickey's in the kitchen, and Donald's in bed in Mickey's high-tech house trailer. When Goofy comes back to eat breakfast, leaving the car on autopilot, it takes them onto a dangerous closed mountain road. When Goofy realizes this, he accidentally unhooks the trailer, sending it on a perilous route. They come very close to disaster several times, while the oblivious Goofy drives on and hooks back up to them.
Title: Emanuelle Around the World | Genres: adventure, drama, horror | Overview: Famous undercover journalist Emanuelle teams with her friend Cora Norman to uncover a white slave ring.
Title: Idle Hands | Genres: comedy, horror, fantasy | Overview: Anton is a cheerful but exceedingly non-ambitious 17-year-old stoner who lives to stay buzzed, watch TV, and moon over Molly, the beautiful girl who lives next door. However, it turns out that the old cliché about idle hands being the devil's playground has a kernel of truth after all.
Title: Alice in Wonderland | Genres: fantasy, family | Overview: Alice follows a white rabbit down a rabbit-hole into a whimsical Wonderland, where she meets characters like the delightful Cheshire Cat, the clumsy White Knight, a rude caterpillar, and the hot-tempered Queen of Hearts and can grow ten feet tall or shrink to three inches. But will she ever be able to return home?
Title: Fright Night Part 2 | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: After three years of therapy Charley Brewster, now a college student, is convinced that Jerry Dandridge was a serial killer posing as a vampire. But when Regine, a mysterious actress and her entourage move into Peter Vincent's apartment block, the nightmare starts again - and this time it's personal!
Title: Bajirao Mastani | Genres: war, history, romance | Overview: Peshwa Bajirao married to Kashibai, falls in love with Mastani, a warrior princess in distress. They struggle to make their love triumph amid opposition from his conservative family.
Title: Double D Dude Ranch | Genres: western, comedy | Overview: When a beautiful, but greedy and conniving, temptress attempts to take over the DD Dude Ranch, the very busty owner and the ranch hands that work there must pull together to outsmart her and thwart her evil plan.
Title: Good Kill | Genres: drama | Overview: In the shadowy world of drone warfare, combat unfolds like a video game–only with real lives at stake. After six tours of duty, Air Force pilot Tom Egan now fights the Taliban from an air-conditioned bunker in the Nevada desert. But as he yearns to get back in the cockpit of a real plane and becomes increasingly troubled by the collateral damage he causes each time he pushes a button, Egan’s nerves—and his relationship with his wife—begin to unravel.
Title: Perfect Strangers | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: During a lunar eclipse, seven friends gather for dinner and decide to play a game in which they must share with each other the content of every message, email or phone call they receive throughout the evening.
Title: Life | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Two men in 1930s Mississippi become friends after being sentenced to life in prison together for a crime they did not commit.
Title: The Rocketeer | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, family | Overview: A stunt pilot comes across a prototype jetpack that gives him the ability to fly. However, evil forces of the world also want this jetpack at any cost.
Title: Dial M for Murder | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: An ex-tennis pro carries out a plot to have his wife murdered after discovering she is having an affair, and assumes she will soon leave him for the other man anyway. When things go wrong, he improvises a new plan—to frame her for murder instead.
Title: Survive the Night | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A disgraced doctor and his family are held hostage at their home by criminals on the run, when a robbery-gone-awry requires them to seek immediate medical attention.
"Title: Green Street Hooligans 2 | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: Following the deadly climax of ""Green Street Hooligans,"" several members of the West Ham firm and numerous members of Millwall end up in jail. The GSE quickly discover the brutality of life on the inside, as they are constant targets of the superior numbers and better-financed Millwall crew."
Title: Boogeyman 3 | Genres: horror | Overview: When a college student witnesses the alleged suicide of her roommate, it sets into motion a series of horrific events that cause her to fear the supernatural entity. As she tries to convince the rest of her dorm that the Boogeyman does exist, the evil force grows stronger and her friends begin to pay the price. Now she must stop this ultimate evil before the entire campus falls prey.
Title: City of Lies | Genres: crime, thriller, drama | Overview: Los Angeles Police Department detective Russell Poole has spent years trying to solve his biggest case -- the murders of The Notorious B.I.G. and Tupac Shakur -- but after two decades, the investigation remains open. Jack Jackson, a reporter desperate to save his reputation and career, is determined to find out why. In search of the truth, the two team up and unravel a growing web of institutional corruption and lies.
Title: Lady Chatterley's Lover | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: An early-20th-century tale of love across class boundaries which tells the legendary and romantic story of Lady Chatterley’s affair with her gamekeeper. Jed Mercurio’s adaptation of DH Lawrence’s classic.
"Title: Goon: Last of the Enforcers | Genres: comedy | Overview: During a pro lockout, Doug ""The Thug"" Glatt is injured and must choose whether to defend his team against a dangerous new enemy, or be there for his wife as she prepares to give birth to his daughter."
Title: Suicide Club | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: When 54 high school girls throw themselves in front of a subway train it appears to be only the beginning of a string of suicides around the country. Does the new all-girl group Desert have anything to do with it? Detective Kuroda tries to find the answer, which isn't as simple as he had hoped.
Title: Who's Harry Crumb? | Genres: comedy, crime, mystery | Overview: Harry Crumb is a bumbling and inept private investigator who is hired to solve the kidnapping of a young heiress which he's not expected to solve because his employer is the mastermind behind the kidnapping.
Title: King of New York | Genres: thriller, crime | Overview: A former drug lord returns from prison determined to wipe out all his competition and distribute the profits of his operations to New York's poor and lower classes in this stylish and ultra violent modern twist on Robin Hood.
Title: Black Christmas | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: During Christmas break, the women at Hawthorne College start being preyed upon by an unknown stalker. Riley, a girl dealing with her own trauma, decides to take matters into her own hands before her and her friends are murdered too.
Title: First Reformed | Genres: drama | Overview: A pastor of a small church in upstate New York starts to spiral out of control after a soul-shaking encounter with an unstable environmental activist and his pregnant wife.
Title: Bugsy | Genres: crime, drama, mystery | Overview: New York gangster Ben 'Bugsy' Siegel takes a brief business trip to Los Angeles. A sharp-dressing womanizer with a foul temper, Siegel doesn't hesitate to kill or maim anyone crossing him. In L.A. the life, the movies, and most of all strong-willed Virginia Hill detain him while his family wait back home. Then a trip to a run-down gambling joint at a spot in the desert known as Las Vegas gives him his big idea.
Title: Braddock: Missing in Action III | Genres: action, war | Overview: When Colonel James Braddock is told that his Asian wife and 12-year-old son are still alive in Communist Vietnam, he mounts a one-man assault to free them. Armed with the latest high-tech firepower, Braddock fights his way into the heart of the country and ends up battling his way out with several dozen abused Amerasian children in tow! Struggling to keep them alive while outmaneuvering a sadistic Vietnamese officer, Braddock ignites the jungle in a blazing cross-country race for freedom.
Title: Cro Minion | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Two minions have to babysit a little Neanderthal baby.
Title: Grave of the Fireflies | Genres: drama | Overview: Hisako loses her home in Tokyo to Allied bombing. With her husband fighting somewhere in Asia, she and her two children evacuate to a suburb of Kobe, where they share a house with Hisako's cousin, Kyoko. Kobe is bombed and Kyoko is killed. Hisako is forced to take care of Kyoko's two children in addition to her own, but there is not enough food for everyone.
Title: The Way Back | Genres: drama, adventure, history | Overview: At the dawn of WWII, several men escape from a Russian gulag—to take a perilous and uncertain journey to freedom as they cross deserts, mountains and several nations.
Title: Yakuza Princess | Genres: action | Overview: In Brazil, Akemi finds out that she's the heiress to the Yakuza empire. Just after that, her destiny enters a spiral of violence and mystery, where a gaijin (foreigner) who's been protecting her all this time, Shirô, may have been actually sent to kill her.
Title: Asphalt Burning | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: The third and final instalment in the Burnout trilogy. This time, the road leads through Norway, to Sweden, Denmark and finally Germany to race on the famous racing track, Nürburgring.
Title: Breaking In | Genres: thriller, crime, action, horror | Overview: Shaun Russell takes her son and daughter on a weekend getaway to her late father's secluded, high-tech vacation home in the countryside. The family soon gets an unwelcome surprise when four men break into the house to find hidden money. After managing to escape, Shaun must now figure out a way to turn the tables on the desperate thieves and save her captive children.
Title: Foster | Genres: comedy, drama, family | Overview: Some years after their son is killed in an accident, a married couple decide to adopt a child. One day a 7-year-old boy, Eli, unexpectedly arrives on their doorstep claiming to be from the adoption agency. Eli wears a suit every day and is very well-spoken for a child. He helps the adults to process their loss, which had stifled both their marriage and their toy business, and lets them embrace life again.
Title: Detective Conan: Captured in Her Eyes | Genres: animation, crime, thriller | Overview: Police officers around Tokyo are being murdered by an unknown assailant. When Ran witnesses an attempt on the life of one of her friends in the police, she loses her memory. Now, Conan and Inspector Megure must find the murderer while Ran attempts to regain her lost memories.
Title: 50 to 1 | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A misfit group of New Mexico cowboys find themselves on the journey of a lifetime when they learn their crooked-footed racehorse qualifies to run in the Kentucky Derby. Based on the true story of Mine That Bird, the cowboys must overcome impossible odds even before they reach Churchill Downs and the land of Kentucky's blue bloods.
Title: The Gift | Genres: horror, drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: When a local woman disappears and the police can't seem to find any leads, her father turns to a poor young woman with psychic powers. Slowly she starts having visions of the woman chained and in a pond. Her visions lead to the body and the arrest of an abusive husband, but did he really do it?
Title: Wolf Creek 2 | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Lured by the promise of an Australian holiday, backpackers Rutger, Katarina and Paul visit the notorious Wolf Creek Crater. Their dream Outback adventure soon becomes a horrific reality when they encounter the site's most infamous local, the last man any traveller to the region ever wants to meet—Mick Taylor. As the backpackers flee, Mick pursues them on an epic white knuckled rampage across hostile wasteland.
"Title: Galaxy Quest | Genres: comedy, family, science fiction, adventure | Overview: For four years, the courageous crew of the NSEA protector - ""Commander Peter Quincy Taggart"" (Tim Allen), ""Lt. Tawny Madison (Sigourney Weaver) and ""Dr.Lazarus"" (Alan Rickman) - set off on a thrilling and often dangerous mission in space...and then their series was cancelled! Now, twenty years later, aliens under attack have mistaken the Galaxy Quest television transmissions for ""historical documents"" and beam up the crew of has-been actors to save the universe. With no script, no director and no clue, the actors must turn in the performances of their lives."
Title: Macross Frontier: The Wings of Goodbye | Genres: action, animation, romance | Overview: Picking up from where the previous movie left off, Ranka's star career flourishes while Sheryl's health rapidly deteriorates after collapsing during a live performance. At the same time, separate factions are maneuvering behind the scenes seeking to control the Vajra horde by utilizing the singing abilities of the two songstresses. As the entire Macross Frontier fleet begins to wage its final war on the Vajra, Alto finally makes a choice between Ranka and Sheryl.
Title: Gosford Park | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: In 1930’s England, a group of pretentious rich and famous gather together for a weekend of relaxation at a hunting resort. But when a murder occurs, each one of these interesting characters becomes a suspect.
Title: The Wicker Man | Genres: horror | Overview: Police sergeant Neil Howie is called to an island village in search of a missing girl whom the locals claim never existed. Stranger still, however, are the rituals that take place there.
"Title: Invasion of Astro-Monster | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Astronauts Glenn and Fuji investigate Planet X and encounter mysterious aliens known as the Xiliens, who ask Earth's people to help save their world from ""Monster Zero"". In exchange for borrowing Godzilla and Rodan, the Xiliens offer a cure for cancer. As Glenn investigates, he develops a romance with Miss Namikawa and uncovers the Xilien's true intentions."
Title: The Cutting Edge | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Two former Olympians, one a figure skater and the other a hockey player, pin their hopes of one last shot at Olympic glory on one another. That is, of course, if they can keep from killing each other in the process...
Title: Bubble Boy | Genres: comedy, adventure, romance | Overview: Jimmy is a young man who was born without an immune system and has lived his life within a plastic bubble in his bedroom... who pines for the sweet caresses of girl-next-door Chloe. But when Chloe decides to marry her high school boyfriend, Jimmy – bubble suit and all – treks cross-country to stop her.
Title: The Jane Austen Book Club | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Six Californians start a club to discuss the works of Jane Austen. As they delve into Austen's literature, the club members find themselves dealing with life experiences that parallel the themes of the books they are reading.
Title: American Factory | Genres: documentary | Overview: In post-industrial Ohio, a Chinese billionaire opens a new factory in the husk of an abandoned General Motors plant, hiring two thousand blue-collar Americans. Early days of hope and optimism give way to setbacks as high-tech China clashes with working-class America.
Title: The Muppets' Wizard of Oz | Genres: family, adventure, comedy, music, fantasy, tv movie | Overview: The Muppets' Wizard of Oz follows a young woman named Dorothy Gale who dreams of becoming a singer but is unable to pursue her dreams. After being swept up by a tornado with her pet prawn Toto, Dorothy embarks on a journey to meet the Wizard of Oz, the person who both Dorothy and the citizens of Oz believe can help make her dream come true.
Title: Sphere | Genres: science fiction, mystery, thriller | Overview: A spacecraft is discovered on the floor of the Pacific Ocean, presumed to be at least 300 years old and of alien origin. A crack team of scientists and experts is assembled and taken to the Habitat, a state-of-the-art underwater living environment, to investigate.
Title: K-19: The Widowmaker | Genres: drama, history, war, thriller, mystery | Overview: When Russia's first nuclear submarine malfunctions on its maiden voyage, the crew must race to save the ship and prevent a nuclear disaster.
Title: Irina Palm | Genres: drama | Overview: Maggie, a quiet retiring grandmother, finds herself helpless as her grandson’s health deteriorates. When one last chance appears, but money is desperately short, Maggie acts to raise the cash in a fashion that surprises everyone but her...
Title: Un Dios prohibido | Genres: drama, war | Overview: August 1936, the beginning of the Spanish Civil War. 51 members of the Claretian community of Barbastro (Huesca) are martyred, die for their faith. The film recounts the last weeks of his life, since they are held until they are finally shot. During that time, they perform various writings they talk about their situation, of his fellow captives, people who saw them. These writings have been the basic testimony used to narrate this real fact in film version.
Title: Family Business | Genres: crime, action, comedy, drama, thriller | Overview: Jessie is an aging career criminal who has been in more jails, fights, schemes, and lineups than just about anyone else. His son Vito, while currently on the straight and narrow, has had a fairly shady past and is indeed no stranger to illegal activity. They both have great hope for Adam, Vito's son and Jessie's grandson, who is bright, good-looking, and without a criminal past.
Title: Julius Caesar | Genres: war, drama, history | Overview: Twenty year-old Julius Caesar flees Rome for his life during the reign of Sulla but through skill and ambition rises four decades later to become Rome's supreme dictator.
"Title: The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2 | Genres: adventure, comedy, drama, family | Overview: Four young women continue the journey toward adulthood that began with ""The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants."" Now three years later, these lifelong friends embark on separate paths for their first year of college and the summer beyond, but remain in touch by sharing their experiences with each other."
Title: The Vampire Lovers | Genres: horror | Overview: In the heart of Styria the Karnstein Family, even after their mortal deaths, rise from their tombs spreading evil in the countryside in their lust for fresh blood. Baron Hartog whose family are all victims of Karnstein vampirism, opens their graves and drives a stake through their diabolical hearts. One grave he cannot locate is that of the legendary beautiful Mircalla Karnstein. Years of peace follow that grisly night until Mircalla reappears to avenge her family's decimation and satisfy her desire for blood.
"Title: The Collection | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Arkin escapes with his life from the vicious grips of ""The Collector"" during an entrapment party where he adds beautiful Elena to his ""Collection."" Instead of recovering from the trauma, Arkin is suddenly abducted from the hospital by mercenaries hired by Elena's wealthy father. Arkin is blackmailed to team up with the mercenaries and track down The Collector's booby trapped warehouse and save Elena."
Title: The Last Stand | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Ray Owens is sheriff of the quiet US border town of Sommerton Junction after leaving the LAPD following a bungled operation. Following his escape from the FBI, a notorious drug baron, his gang, and a hostage are heading toward Sommerton Junction where the police are preparing to make a last stand to intercept them before they cross the border. Owens is reluctant to become involved but ultimately joins in with the law enforcement efforts
Title: Before I Met You | Genres: drama | Overview: Gadis, a girl in the midst of the bustle of the bustling city of Jakarta, she is faced with a choice of her future, which is her soul mate. Should the girl choose Bara or Rama as her heart's choice?
Title: Act of Valor | Genres: action, thriller, war | Overview: When a covert mission to rescue a kidnapped CIA operative uncovers a chilling plot, an elite, highly trained U.S. SEAL team speeds to hotspots around the globe, racing against the clock to stop a deadly terrorist attack.
Title: The Bling Ring | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Inspired by actual events, a group of fame-obsessed teenagers use the Internet to track the whereabouts of famous celebrities, then rob their homes of riches.
Title: Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: As the global economy teeters on the brink of disaster, a young Wall Street trader partners with disgraced former Wall Street corporate raider Gordon Gekko on a two tiered mission: To alert the financial community to the coming doom, and to find out who was responsible for the death of the young trader's mentor.
"Title: Undercover Brother | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: An Afro-American organization, the B.R.O.T.H.E.R.H.O.O.D., is in permanent fight against a white organization ""The Man"" defending the values of the black people in North America. When the Afro-American candidate Gen. Warren Boutwell behaves strangely in his presidential campaign, Undercover Brother is hired to work undercover for ""The Man"" and find what happened with the potential candidate."
Title: Exists | Genres: horror | Overview: A group of friends venture into the remote Texas woods for a party weekend and find themselves stalked by Bigfoot.
Title: SeaFood | Genres: animation, comedy, family, adventure | Overview: Pup, a bamboo shark, discovers egg sacs while playing around the ocean with his friends. When he sees human poachers stealing the eggs from his reef, Pup makes it his mission to save his family. As he leaves the sea and enters the beautiful, yet dangerous, world of humans he'll prove he isn't too small to save his family.
Title: Nights in Rodanthe | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Adrienne is trying to decide whether to stay in her unhappy marriage or not, and her life changes when Paul, a doctor who is travelling to reconcile with his estranged son, checks into an inn where she is staying.
Title: The Story of O | Genres: drama | Overview: The beautiful O is taken by her boyfriend, Rene, to a bizarre retreat, where she is trained in bondage and sexual perversion...
Title: Shaolin Wooden Men | Genres: action | Overview: Little Mute is an orphan traumatized into silence by the death of his father at the hands of a vicious fighting master. Living at the Shaolin monastery, he befriends a dangerous prisoner who teaches him a secret form of deadly kung fu. Seeing his intense determination, other masters share the wisdom of the Gliding Snake and Drunken Master techniques. In one of the most exciting fight scenes ever filmed, Little Mute must run the gauntlet of the famous 108 wooden men in an extreme test of skill and endurance. But if he becomes a master, will he use his unmatched force for redemption or revenge?
Title: Jeremiah Johnson | Genres: adventure, western, history | Overview: A mountain man who wishes to live the life of a hermit becomes the unwilling object of a long vendetta by Indians when he proves to be the match of their warriors in one-to-one combat on the early frontier.
Title: City of Women | Genres: comedy, drama, adventure, fantasy | Overview: A businessman finds himself trapped at a hotel and threatened by women en masse.
Title: Open Your Eyes | Genres: drama, thriller, science fiction | Overview: A very handsome man finds the love of his life, but he suffers an accident and needs to have his face rebuilt by surgery after it is severely disfigured.
Title: The Red Shoes | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In this classic drama, Vicky Page is an aspiring ballerina torn between her dedication to dance and her desire to love. While her imperious instructor, Boris Lermontov, urges to her to forget anything but ballet, Vicky begins to fall for the charming young composer Julian Craster. Eventually Vicky, under great emotional stress, must choose to pursue either her art or her romance, a decision that carries serious consequences.
Title: Shinobi: Heart Under Blade | Genres: action | Overview: Even though Gennosuke and Oboro are from rival ninja villages, they are secretly in love. At an annual conference with the Lord, it is dictated that a competition--a fight to the death--will take place between the five best shinobi from each village. Gennosuke and Oboro's love is made even more impossible when they each got picked as the leader of the five to represent their respective villages.
Title: Gemma Bovery | Genres: romance, drama, comedy | Overview: Martin, an ex-Parisian well-heeled hipster passionate about Gustave Flaubert who settled into a Norman village as a baker, sees an English couple moving into a small farm nearby. Not only are the names of the new arrivals Gemma and Charles Bovery, but their behavior also seems to be inspired by Flaubert's heroes.
Title: The Great Beauty | Genres: drama | Overview: Jep Gambardella has seduced his way through the lavish nightlife of Rome for decades, but after his 65th birthday and a shock from the past, Jep looks past the nightclubs and parties to find a timeless landscape of absurd, exquisite beauty.
Title: The Battle at Lake Changjin | Genres: drama, war | Overview: Korean War, winter 1950. In the frozen and snowy area of Changjin Lake, a bloody battle is about to begin between the elite troops of the United States and China.
Title: This Boy's Life | Genres: drama | Overview: When a son and mother move to Seattle in hopes for a better life, the mother meets a seemingly polite man. Things go south when the man turns out to be abusive, endangering their lives. As the mother struggles to maintain hope in an impossible situation, the son has plans to escape.
Title: Anonymous | Genres: drama, history, thriller | Overview: Set against the backdrop of the succession of Queen Elizabeth I, and the Essex Rebellion against her, the story advances the theory that it was in fact Edward De Vere, Earl of Oxford who penned Shakespeare's plays.
Title: The Principal | Genres: action, adventure, crime, drama | Overview: Burglary. Drugs. Assault. Rape. The students at Brandel High are more than new Principal Rick Latimer bargained for. Gangs fight to control the school using knives - even guns - when they have to. When Latimer and the head of security try to clean up the school and stop the narcotics trade, they run up against a teenage mafia. A violent confrontation on the campus leads to a deadly showdown with the drug dealer's gang, and one last chance for Latimer to save his career... and his life.
Title: Madame Claude | Genres: crime, drama, romance | Overview: Paris, the late 1960s. Madame Claude is at the head of a flourishing business dedicated to prostitution that gives her power over both the french political and criminal worlds. But the end of her empire is closer than she thinks.
Title: Monster | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: An emotionally scarred highway drifter shoots a sadistic trick who rapes her, and ultimately becomes the United States' first female serial killer.
Title: Break | Genres: thriller | Overview: The company of three guys and two girls makes their way to the old funicular to have an unforgettable New Year’s Eve celebration at the top of the mountain. A fun adventure turns into a nightmare when the funicular stops over the abyss. Coldness, height and fear of a slow death make them reveal their true essence and get in a fight with each other.
"Title: Happiness Ever After | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: This sequel to ""Happiness is a Four-Letter Word"" finds Zaza, Princess and Zim living new chapters of their lives amid loss, family grudges and new love."
Title: God of Gamblers | Genres: action, comedy, drama | Overview: Chow Yun-Fat plays Ko Chun, an extremely talented and well known gambler. On the eve of a big confrontation with a famous Singaporean gambler, Ko walks into a trap set by Knife, an avid but a so-so gambler (Andy Lau), meant for an Indian servant. Struck on the head, Ko suffers from amnesia and regresses to a child-like state. Knife takes care of Ko and begins to exploit Ko's gambling talents.
Title: Damien: Omen II | Genres: horror | Overview: Since the sudden and highly suspicious death of his parents, 12-year-old Damien has been in the charge of his wealthy aunt and uncle. Widely feared to be the Antichrist, Damien relentlessly plots to seize control of his uncle's business empire—and the world. Anyone attempting to unravel the secrets of Damien's sinister past or fiendish future meets with a swift and cruel demise.
Title: The F**k-It List | Genres: comedy | Overview: After a prank blows up a studious high school senior's life, he shares a list of certain things he wishes he'd done differently — and maybe still can.
Title: The Sandman | Genres: horror | Overview: A monster from a little girl's nightmares comes to life and attacks anyone who would harm her.
Title: The Swimming Pool | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: Set in a magnificent villa near a sun-drenched St. Tropez, lovers Jean-Paul and Marianne are spending a happy, lazy summer holiday. Their only concern is to gratify their mutual passion - until the day when Marianne invites her former lover and his beautiful teenage daughter to spend a few days with them. From the first moment, a certain uneasiness and tension begin to develop between the four, which soon escalates in a dangerous love-game.
Title: Mute | Genres: science fiction, mystery, thriller | Overview: A mute man with a violent past is forced to take on the teeming underworld of a near-future Berlin as he searches for his missing girlfriend.
Title: 3 Idiotas | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: A group of friends embark on an adventure to find a classmate from university who disappeared without a trace on graduation day.
"Title: Children of the Corn III: Urban Harvest | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: Two young Gatlin residents are orphaned after the younger brother kills their father. The terror of Gatlin goes urban when the two boys are placed in the custody of two foster parents in the city. The younger brother takes some corn seeds along for the road and plants them in the courtyard of an abandoned warehouse, bringing ""He Who Walks Behind the Rows"" to the city."
Title: The Other Side of the Door | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: Grieving over the loss of her son, a mother struggles with her feelings for her daughter and her husband. She seeks out a ritual that allows her say goodbye to her dead child, opening the veil between the world of the dead and the living. Her daughter becomes the focus of terror. She must now protect against the evil that was once her beloved son.
Title: Dungeons & Dragons: Wrath of the Dragon God | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Due to a curse from his former master Profion, Damodar survived his death by Ridley Freeborn as an undead entity in pursuit of an evil artifact for some hundred years, so that he might be capable of unleashing unstoppable destruction on Izmir and the descendants of those who caused his demise.
Title: Les Misérables | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Inspired by the 2005 riots in Paris, Stéphane, a recent transplant to the impoverished suburb of Montfermeil, joins the local anti-crime squad. Working alongside his unscrupulous colleagues Chris and Gwada, Stéphane struggles to maintain order amidst the mounting tensions between local gangs. When an arrest turns unexpectedly violent, the three officers must reckon with the aftermath and keep the neighborhood from spiraling out of control.
Title: Casper Meets Wendy | Genres: family, fantasy, tv movie | Overview: When a warlock threatens Wendy the Good Little Witch, she and her aunts hide out at a resort where Casper the Ghost is vacationing with his uncles. Although Casper and Wendy are told ghosts and witches don't get along, the two are kindred spirits! This spooky family-friendly adventure finds Casper and Wendy bridging the ghost-witch divide to battle the warlock who is intent on destroying Wendy.
Title: Short Circuit 2 | Genres: comedy, family, science fiction, drama | Overview: Robot Johnny 5 moves to the city to help his friend Ben Jahrvi with his toy manufacturing enterprise, only to be manipulated by criminals who want to use him for their own nefarious purposes.
Title: Begotten | Genres: fantasy, horror | Overview: Begotten is the creation myth brought to life, the story of no less than the violent death of God and the (re)birth of nature on a barren earth.
Title: Riphagen the Untouchable | Genres: drama, history, thriller | Overview: Amsterdam, Netherlands, 1944, during World War II. Andries Riphagen, a powerful underworld boss, has made his fortune by putting his many criminal talents at the service of the Nazi occupiers. But the long battle is about to end and the freedom fighters, who have been persecuted and murdered for years, are abandoning their hideouts to mercilessly hunt down those who have collaborated with the killers.
Title: The General | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, drama, war | Overview: During America’s Civil War, Union spies steal engineer Johnnie Gray's beloved locomotive, 'The General'—with Johnnie's lady love aboard an attached boxcar—and he single-handedly must do all in his power to both get The General back and to rescue Annabelle.
Title: Mother's Day | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Intersecting stories with different moms collide on Mother's Day.
Title: Baaghi | Genres: action, thriller, romance | Overview: Ronny is a rebellious man, who falls in love with Sia but circumstances separate them. Years later, Ronny learns that Sia is abducted by a martial arts champion, Raghav.
Title: God of Gamblers' Return | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Chow returns to play Ko Chun, a skilled gambler who now lives in retirement in France. Wu Xingguo plays an evil gangster who forces Ko out of retirement by killing his pregnant wife. Ko is forced to team up with a variety of other people to win out in the end. Wu Chien-lien plays Chow's romantic interest, Chingmy Yau plays a Taiwanese femme fatale, and Tony Leung provides much of the laughs.
Title: Blue Summer | Genres: romance | Overview: Rio is a high school student in Tokyo. Her mother tells her she will spend the summer in the countryside. There, she meets Ginzo. He is a high school student and handsome. They fall in love.
Title: Peaceful Warrior | Genres: drama | Overview: A chance encounter with a stranger changes the life of a college gymnast.
Title: Wander | Genres: thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: After getting hired to probe a suspicious death in the small town of Wander, a mentally unstable private investigator becomes convinced the case is linked to the same 'conspiracy cover up' that caused the death of his daughter.
Title: The Three Musketeers | Genres: adventure, comedy, history | Overview: The young D'Artagnan arrives in Paris with dreams of becoming a king's musketeer. He meets and quarrels with three men, Athos, Porthos, and Aramis, each of whom challenges him to a duel. D'Artagnan finds out they are musketeers and is invited to join them in their efforts to oppose Cardinal Richelieu, who wishes to increase his already considerable power over the king. D'Artagnan must also juggle affairs with the charming Constance Bonancieux and the passionate Lady De Winter, a secret agent for the cardinal.
Title: The Innkeepers | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: During the final days at the Yankee Pedlar Inn, two employees determined to reveal the hotel's haunted past begin to experience disturbing events as old guests check in for a stay.
"Title: Little Big Soldier | Genres: action, comedy, adventure | Overview: The story of a farmer forced into conscription, who has been looking to get out of the army ever since. His great chance arrives when he stumbles upon a wounded general from an enemy state, and he kidnaps him, intending to claim credit for the capture, which includes five ""mu"" of land, and most importantly, honorable discharge from the army."
Title: The Wrong Trousers | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Wallace rents out Gromit's former bedroom to a penguin, who takes up an interest in the techno pants created by Wallace. However, Gromit later learns that the penguin is a wanted criminal.
Title: The Phantom Carriage | Genres: drama, fantasy, horror | Overview: It's New Year's Eve. Three drunkards evoke a legend. The legend tells that the last person to die in a year, if he is a great sinner, will have to drive during the whole year the Phantom Chariot, that picks up the souls of the dead.
Title: Freaky Friday | Genres: music, family, fantasy, tv movie, comedy | Overview: When an overworked mother and her teenage daughter magically swap bodies, they have just one day to put things right again before mom’s big wedding.
Title: Truth or Dare | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: A group of friends are lured to an isolated cabin by a promise of heavy partying, only to find themselves in a nightmarish game of truth or dare.
Title: The Week Of | Genres: comedy | Overview: The parents of a soon-to-be married couple make the final preparations for the wedding ceremony.
Title: Toc Toc | Genres: comedy | Overview: Toc Toc follows the adventures and misadventures of a group of patients with OCD dated at the same time.
Title: The Crimson Rivers | Genres: crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: Two French policemen, one investigating a grisly murder at a remote mountain college, the other working on the desecration of a young girl's grave by skinheads, are brought together by the clues from their respective cases. Soon after they start working together, more murders are committed, and the pair begin to discover just what dark secrets are behind the killings.
Title: Monday | Genres: drama | Overview: A spark on a Friday can lead to a sizzling weekend fling, but what happens when you get to the inevitable Monday?
Title: Seal Team Eight: Behind Enemy Lines | Genres: action, war, drama | Overview: Seal Team Eight must fight their way deep into Africa's Congo, decommission a secret uranium mine, and stop our most dangerous enemy from smuggling weapon's grade yellow-cake out of the country.
Title: Rob Roy | Genres: adventure, history, war, drama | Overview: In the highlands of Scotland in the 1700s, Rob Roy tries to lead his small town to a better future, by borrowing money from the local nobility to buy cattle to herd to market. When the money is stolen, Rob is forced into a Robin Hood lifestyle to defend his family and honour.
Title: Blazing Saddles | Genres: western, comedy | Overview: A town—where everyone seems to be named Johnson—stands in the way of the railroad. In order to grab their land, robber baron Hedley Lemar sends his henchmen to make life in the town unbearable. After the sheriff is killed, the town demands a new sheriff from the Governor, so Hedley convinces him to send the town the first black sheriff in the west.
Title: Black Eagle | Genres: action, drama | Overview: One of the US Air Force's most modern tactical aircrafts, an F-100 with a new laser guidance system, crashes into the sea near Malta - a region where the Soviet forces are highly present, too. The CIA immediately sends out their best secret agent, Ken Tani, to salvage the system before it falls into enemy hands. To ensure his loyalty, they bring his two young sons to a nearby hotel on the island.
Title: Love and Beans | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: When a young woman suspects her husband is cheating on her she gets increasingly paranoid about his actions.
Title: The Librarian: Return to King Solomon's Mines | Genres: fantasy, action, adventure | Overview: After retrieving the Crystal Skull in Utah, Flynn Carsen receives a map in the mail with the secret location of King Solomon's Mines. When the scroll is stolen, Judson explains the power of the Key of Solomon's book and assigns Flynn to retrieve the map. The map is useless without the legend piece to decipher it, which is located in Volubilis near the Roman ruins in Morocco. Flynn heads to Casablanca to the ruins where he is chased by a group of mercenaries leaded by General Samir. They too want to find the location of King Solomon's mines. Flynn teams-up with Professor Emily Davenport working in the dig and they escape from General Samir and his men. While traveling to Gedi, they save the local Jomo from death and the trio faces a dangerous journey through the wild Africa.
Title: The Good Boss | Genres: comedy | Overview: Awaiting a visit by a committee that could give his company an award for excellence, the owner of an industrial scales manufacturing business tries to resolve any problems from his workers in enough time.
Title: Universal Soldier II: Brothers in Arms | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: With the budget of the UniSol program cut by the government, a gang of mercenaries takes control of the new line of Universal Soldiers to use them for their own nefarious ends. In doing so, they clash with Luc Deveraux, survivor of the first incident with the UniSols, alongside his long-lost and newly-resurrected brother Eric and news reporter Veronica Roberts.
"Title: Black Emanuelle | Genres: drama, romance, adventure | Overview: In her first onscreen adventure, journalist/photographer Mae Jordan (known to her readers as ""Emanuelle"") travels to Africa on assignment. Questions of her own racial and sexual identity come to a head as she observes the troubled marriage of her hosts, Ann and Gianni Danieli. Matters are complicated further when Emanuelle finds herself in affairs with both of them, after which she flees Africa, only to be persued by Gianni, who had earlier rejected her and ridiculed her advances."
Title: Sleeping With My Student | Genres: thriller, tv movie | Overview: New school headmaster and single mother Kathy discovers her vacation fling with charming 18-year-old Ian was no accident when he transfers to her school targeting Kathy and her teenage daughter Bree in a deadly scheme. Ian wants revenge as he believes Kathy is responsible for splitting up his family ultimately leading to his father's death. Kathy will need to uncover Ian's motives quickly if she hopes to protect herself and Bree from his dangerous threats.
Title: Paterson | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A week in the life of Paterson, a poet bus driver, and his wife Laura, a very creative artist, who live in Paterson, New Jersey, hometown of many famous poets and artists.
Title: U Turn | Genres: thriller | Overview: When Bobby's car breaks down in the desert while on the run from some of the bookies who have already taken two of his fingers, he becomes trapped in the nearby small town where the people are stranger than anyone he's encountered. After becoming involved with a young married woman, her husband hires Bobby to kill her. Later, she hires Bobby to kill the husband.
Title: Re-Animator | Genres: science fiction, comedy, horror | Overview: A dedicated student at a medical college and his girlfriend become involved in bizarre experiments centering around the re-animation of dead tissue when an odd new student arrives on campus.
Title: Tomcats | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: College buddies chip in and promise that the group's last unmarried man will collect a cash pot. Seven years later, the kitty is worth $500,000 -- money Michael needs to pay a gambling debt. Problem is, the only other single guy is a hopeless womanizer!
Title: Greystoke: The Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the Apes | Genres: adventure, drama, action, romance | Overview: A shipping disaster in the 19th Century has stranded a man and woman in the wilds of Africa. The lady is pregnant, and gives birth to a son in their tree house. Soon after, a family of apes stumble across the house and in the ensuing panic, both parents are killed. A female ape takes the tiny boy as a replacement for her own dead infant, and raises him as her son. Twenty years later, Captain Phillippe D'Arnot discovers the man who thinks he is an ape. Evidence in the tree house leads him to believe that he is the direct descendant of the Earl of Greystoke, and thus takes it upon himself to return the man to civilization.
Title: Last Moment of Clarity | Genres: thriller | Overview: A normal New Yorker's life is upended when his girlfriend is murdered by the Bulgarian mob. He flees to Paris to hide from her killers. But three years later, he sees a similar looking woman on the silver screen. Obsession with past love takes Sam to Los Angeles to look for answers, only to put him back into the sights of the Bulgarians. An updated Hitchcockian thriller in the vein of Vertigo and Rear Window
Title: Pornography | Genres: war, drama, romance | Overview: Two intellectuals, a writer and a director, begin to play a mysterious psychological game in a peaceful countryside manor house during the Nazi occupation.
Title: The Land Before Time X: The Great Longneck Migration | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: A bedtime story leads Littlefoot and his grandparents on a journey to a new land, where Littlefoot discovers someone who vanished before he was born: his father! Now Littlefoot must decide between two worlds. Will he leave to be with his friends in the Great Valley, or stay behind and start a new life with his father?
"Title: Married to the Mob | Genres: comedy, crime, romance | Overview: Angela de Marco is fed up with her gangster husband's line of work and wants no part of the crime world. When her husband is killed for having an affair with the mistress of mob boss Tony ""The Tiger"" Russo, Angela and her son depart for New York City to make a fresh start. Unfortunately, Tony has set his sights upon Angela -- and so has an undercover FBI agent looking to use her to bust Tony."
"Title: Pleasantville | Genres: fantasy, comedy, drama | Overview: Geeky teenager David and his popular twin sister, Jennifer, get sucked into the black-and-white world of a 1950s TV sitcom called ""Pleasantville,"" and find a world where everything is peachy keen all the time. But when Jennifer's modern attitude disrupts Pleasantville's peaceful but boring routine, she literally brings color into its life."
Title: Valhalla Rising | Genres: adventure, drama, action, fantasy | Overview: 1000 AD, for years, One Eye, a mute warrior of supernatural strength, has been held prisoner by the Norse chieftain Barde. Aided by Are, a boy slave, One Eye slays his captor and together he and Are escape, beginning a journey into the heart of darkness. On their flight, One Eye and Are board a Viking vessel, but the ship is soon engulfed by an endless fog that clears only as the crew sights an unknown land. As the new world reveals its secrets and the Vikings confront their terrible and bloody fate, One Eye discovers his true self.
Title: How High 2 | Genres: comedy, tv movie | Overview: When two jobless friends discover a hidden weed bible and the ultimate bud, they think that they’ve got it made…with 'seed' money to start a new snack delivery app. But, when nearly all of their stash and weed bible are stolen, the two potpreneurs set off on an outrageous, mind-bending adventure through Atlanta to find them. Stoned with supernatural powers, they search 'high' and low, stopping at nothing to recover their ticket to starting a legit business.
Title: Monster High: Electrified | Genres: family, animation | Overview: When Clawdeen dreams of opening a salon made for monsters and normies, Frankie has the perfect place - an abandoned power station outside town. But the idea sparks negative voltage when Moanica plots to ruin the whole thing, and replace the celebration with something a little more... shocking! Luckily the ghouls have a secret weapon on their side...Twyla, the daughter of the Boogey Man, and the perfect ghoul to unearth any mystery. Along with the most voltageous salon ever! So catch every twist, turn, zap and blast...because the Monster High ghouls are about to get ELECTRIC!
"Title: Annie | Genres: comedy, drama, family | Overview: An orphan in a facility run by the mean Miss Hannigan, Annie believes that her parents left her there by mistake. When a rich man named Oliver ""Daddy"" Warbucks decides to let an orphan live at his home to promote his image, Annie is selected. While Annie gets accustomed to living in Warbucks' mansion, she still longs to meet her parents. So Warbucks announces a search for them and a reward, which brings out many frauds."
Title: I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell | Genres: comedy | Overview: A tireless and charismatic novelty seeker, Tucker tricks his buddy Dan into lying to his fiancée Kristy, so they can go to an legendary strip club three and a half hours away to celebrate Dan’s last days of bachelorhood in proper style.
Title: Heavenly Creatures | Genres: drama, fantasy | Overview: Wealthy and precocious teenager Juliet transfers from England to New Zealand with her family, and soon befriends the quiet, brooding Pauline through their shared love of fantasy and literature. When their parents begin to suspect that their increasingly intense and obsessive bond is becoming unhealthy, the girls hatch a dark plan for those who threaten to keep them apart.
Title: Crocodile 2: Death Swamp | Genres: horror | Overview: After a bank robbery, four criminals escape to Mexico, but a storm causes an accident which takes down the plane where several die in the crash. The criminals take it into their own hands to continue when one survivor is attacked and eaten by a crocodile. The criminals kill it, but from then on the mother Crocodile is on a killing spree with a goal to kill each survivor. But that is not the only worry, because they're trapped within it's world, and if it doesn't kill them, the criminals will.
Title: The Magnificent One | Genres: action, comedy, romance | Overview: A writer of pulp fiction imagines himself as the dashing hero and his English neighbor as his love interest.
Title: Lady Snowblood | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: Yuki's family is nearly wiped out before she is born due to the machinations of a band of criminals. These criminals kidnap and brutalize her mother but leave her alive. Later her mother ends up in prison with only revenge to keep her alive. She creates an instrument for this revenge by purposefully getting pregnant. Yuki never knows the love of a family but only killing and revenge.
Title: Little White Lies | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Despite a traumatic event, a group of friends decide to go ahead with their annual beach vacation. Their relationships, convictions, sense of guilt and friendship are sorely tested. They are finally forced to own up to the little white lies they've been telling each other.
Title: Runaway Jury | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A juror on the inside and a woman on the outside manipulate a court trial involving a major gun manufacturer.
Title: Carandiru | Genres: drama | Overview: When a doctor decides to carry out an AIDS prevention program inside Latin America’s largest prison: the Casa de Detenção de São Paulo - Carandiru, he discovers the victim of one of the darkest days in Brazilian History when the State of São Paulo’s Military Police, with the excuse for law enforcement, shot to death 111 people. Based on real facts and on the book written by Dráuzio Varella.
Title: Ashes of Time | Genres: drama, action | Overview: Ouyang Feng is a heartbroken and cynical man who spends his days in the desert, connecting expert swordsmen with those seeking revenge and willing to pay for it. Throughout five seasons in exile, Ouyang spins tales of his clients' unrequited loves and unusual acts of bravery.
Title: The Snow Queen | Genres: animation, fantasy, family | Overview: The ice-cold Snow Queen wishes to turn the world into a frozen landscape, with no light, no joy, no happiness, and no free will. A young man, Kai, is rumored to be the son of a man who is the queen's only remaining threat. He is abducted and held captive in the queen's palace, and it's up to his sister, Gerda, to rescue him. Gerda journeys across an icy land, facing difficult obstacles and meeting wonderful new friends that help her in her quest to set Kai free, defeat the Snow Queen, and save the world from eternal frost.
Title: Young Guns | Genres: western, crime, action, adventure, drama | Overview: A group of young gunmen, led by Billy the Kid, become deputies to avenge the murder of the rancher who became their benefactor. But when Billy takes their authority too far, they become the hunted.
Title: Double Team | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: He's a one-man arsenal... with enough voltage to rock the free world. They Don't Play by the Rules. You're either on their side...or in their way. America's top counter-terrorist usually works alone...this time he's got company.
Title: New Kung Fu Cult Master 2 | Genres: action, fantasy, drama | Overview: Wudang master Zhang Cuishan who lives in the Shangri-La Ice and Fire Island with his family, away from the dissension and bloodshed, ambushed and leaving his young son Zhang Wuji orphaned.
Title: Stepmom | Genres: drama, romance, comedy | Overview: Jackie is a divorced mother of two. Isabel is the career minded girlfriend of Jackie’s ex-husband Luke, forced into the role of unwelcome stepmother to their children. But when Jackie discovers she is ill, both women realise they must put aside their differences to find a common ground and celebrate life to the fullest, while they have the chance.
Title: Supercop 2 | Genres: action, adventure, crime | Overview: As a crime wave sweeps through Hong Kong, the police call Jessica Yang (Yeoh), a rising star in the ranks, to help stop a notorious gang of thieves! What Jessica doesn't realize is that her boyfriend - recently discharged from the force - is the leader of this ruthless crime ring!
Title: Werewolf: The Beast Among Us | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: Set in a 19th century village, a young man studying under a local doctor joins a team of hunters on the trail of a wolf-like creature.
Title: The Wackness | Genres: drama | Overview: Set in New York City in the sweltering summer, The Wackness tells the story of a troubled teenage drug dealer, who trades pot for therapy sessions with a drug-addled psychiatrist. Things get more complicated when he falls for one of his classmates, who just happens to be the doctor's daughter. This is a coming-of-age story about sex, drugs, music and what it takes to be a man.
Title: The Laundromat | Genres: drama, crime, comedy | Overview: When her idyllic vacation takes an unthinkable turn, Ellen Martin begins investigating a fake insurance policy, only to find herself down a rabbit hole of questionable dealings that can be linked to a Panama City law firm and its vested interest in helping the world's wealthiest citizens amass larger fortunes.
Title: Holiday in the Sun | Genres: adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Sisters Alex and Madison are whisked away to the Bahamas for winter break but soon find themselves crossing paths with a man smuggling stolen artifacts.
Title: Jagged Edge | Genres: thriller | Overview: San Francisco heiress Page Forrester is brutally murdered in her remote beach house. Her husband Jack is devastated by the crime but soon finds himself accused of her murder. He hires lawyer Teddy Barnes to defend him, despite the fact she hasn't handled a criminal case for many years. There's a certain chemistry between them and Teddy soon finds herself defending the man she loves.
Title: The Silence of the Marsh | Genres: thriller | Overview: A successful, cold-blooded crime novelist gets involved in a kidnapping case while uncovering the corrupt ties between politicians and the local mafia in Valencia, Spain.
Title: Growing Fangs | Genres: drama | Overview: Val Garcia, a Mexican-American teen who is half human/half vampire, has had to keep her identity a secret from both worlds. But when her human best friend shows up at her monster-infested school, she has to confront her truth, her identity, and herself.
Title: Mackenna's Gold | Genres: adventure, action, western | Overview: A bandit kidnaps a Marshal who has seen a map showing a gold vein on Indian lands, but other groups are looking for it too, while the Apache try to keep the secret location undisturbed.
Title: Paycheck | Genres: action, adventure, mystery, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Michael Jennings is a genius who's hired – and paid handsomely – by high-tech firms to work on highly sensitive projects, after which his short-term memory is erased so he's incapable of breaching security. But at the end of a three-year job, he's told he isn't getting a paycheck and instead receives a mysterious envelope. In it are clues he must piece together to find out why he wasn't paid – and why he's now in hot water.
Title: A Good Old Fashioned Orgy | Genres: comedy | Overview: A group of 30-year-olds who have been friends since high school attempt to throw an end-of-summer orgy.
Title: Serpico | Genres: crime, history | Overview: Frank Serpico is an idealistic New York City cop who refuses to take bribes, unlike the rest of the force. His actions get Frank shunned by the other officers, and often placed in dangerous situations by his partners. When his superiors ignore Frank's accusations of corruption, he decides to go public with the allegations. Although this causes the Knapp Commission to investigate his claims, Frank has also placed a target on himself.
Title: Alibi.com | Genres: comedy | Overview: Greg founded a company called Alibi.com that creates any type of alibi. With his associate, Augustin, and Medhi his new employee, they devise unstoppable stratagems and stagings to cover their clients. But meeting Flo, a pretty blonde who hates men who lie, will complicate Greg's life, which begins by hiding the true nature of his activity. During the presentation to parents, Greg understands that Gérard, the father of Flo, is also one of their clients.
Title: Compliance | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: On a particularly busy day at a suburban Ohio fast food restaurant, manager Sandra receives a phone call from a police officer saying that an employee has stolen money from a customer.
Title: Judy | Genres: drama, history, music | Overview: Winter 1968 and showbiz legend Judy Garland arrives in Swinging London to perform a five-week sold-out run at The Talk of the Town. It is 30 years since she shot to global stardom in The Wizard of Oz, but if her voice has weakened, its dramatic intensity has only grown. As she prepares for the show, battles with management, charms musicians and reminisces with friends and adoring fans, her wit and warmth shine through. Even her dreams of love seem undimmed as she embarks on a whirlwind romance with Mickey Deans, her soon-to-be fifth husband.
"Title: Black Sabbath | Genres: horror | Overview: Three short tales of supernatural horror. In “The Telephone,” a woman is plagued by threatening phone calls. In ""The Wurdalak,” a family is preyed upon by vampiric monsters. In “The Drop of Water,” a deceased medium wreaks havoc on the living."
Title: I Could Never Be Your Woman | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: This movie follows a mother who falls for a younger man while her daughter falls in love for the first time. Mother Nature messes with their fates.
Title: The Salesman | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Forced out of their apartment due to dangerous works on a neighboring building, Emad and Rana move into a new flat in the center of Tehran. An incident linked to the previous tenant will dramatically change the young couple’s life.
"Title: This Is Spinal Tap | Genres: music, comedy | Overview: ""This Is Spinal Tap"" shines a light on the self-contained universe of a metal band struggling to get back on the charts, including everything from its complicated history of ups and downs, gold albums, name changes and undersold concert dates, along with the full host of requisite groupies, promoters, hangers-on and historians, sessions, release events and those special behind-the-scenes moments that keep it all real."
Title: Maximum Conviction | Genres: action, adventure, thriller | Overview: When former black ops operative Cross and his partner Manning are assigned to decommission an old prison, they must oversee the arrival of two mysterious female prisoners. Before long, an elite force of mercenaries assault the prison in search of the new arrivals. As the true identities of the women are revealed, Cross realizes he's caught in the middle of something far bigger than he had imagined.
Title: The Diabolical | Genres: horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: When a single mother and her two young children are tormented by an increasingly strange and intense presence in their quiet suburban home, she turns to her scientist boyfriend to take on the violent forces that paranormal experts are too frightened to face.
Title: Highlander: The Source | Genres: action, fantasy | Overview: The world is falling into chaos. As he roams a crumbling city, Duncan MacLeod, the Highlander, remembers happier times before the love of his life left... Hopeless and alone, MacLeod finds his way to a band of immortal companions, including his mysterious friend Methos, and a mortal, Watcher Joe Dawson. Together this small group sets out on a quest to find the origin of the first Immortal.
"Title: Necronomicon | Genres: horror | Overview: H.P. Lovecraft anthology is divided into four segments: ""The Library"" which is the wraparound segment involving Lovecraft's research into the Book of The Dead and his unwitting release of a monster and his writing of the following horror segments ""The Drowned"", ""The Cold"", and ""Whispers""."
Title: From Within | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: When the citizens of a small evangelical town systematically begin committing suicide, a young girl struggling to reconcile her Christian upbringing with her desire to experience the outside world finds her faith put to the ultimate test.
Title: The Archer | Genres: action | Overview: Archer champion Lauren Pierce escapes a corrupt juvenile correctional facility with Rebecca, a fierce but alluring inmate. Together they must survive a desperate warden who is bow-hunting his prey to make sure his secret stays buried
Title: Boxing Helena | Genres: drama, romance, thriller | Overview: A top surgeon is besotted with a beautiful woman who once rebuffed him. Unable to come to terms with life without her, he tries to convince her that they need each other. She has other ideas, but a horrific accident leaves her at his mercy.
Title: Fighting | Genres: action | Overview: Small-town boy Shawn MacArthur has come to New York City with nothing. Barely earning a living selling counterfeit goods on the streets, his luck changes when scam artist Harvey Boarden sees that he has a natural talent for streetfighting. When Harvey offers Shawn help at making the real cash, the two form an uneasy partnership.
Title: Ransom | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: When a rich man's son is kidnapped, he cooperates with the police at first but then tries a unique tactic against the criminals.
Title: 2012 Doomsday | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: On December 21, 2012 four strangers on a journey of faith are drawn to an ancient temple in the heart of Mexico. For the Mayans it is the last recorded day. For NASA scientists it is a cataclysmic polar shift. For the rest of us, it is Doomsday.
Title: Battlestar Galactica: The Plan | Genres: science fiction, action, drama | Overview: When the initial Cylon attack against the Twelve Colonies fails to achieve complete extermination of human life as planned, twin Number Ones (Cavils) embedded on Galactica and Caprica must improvise to destroy the human survivors.
Title: Asterix in Britain | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: One little ancient British village still holds out against the Roman invaders. Asterix and Obelix are invited to help. They must face fog, rain, warm beer and boiled boar with mint sauce, but they soon have Governor Encyclopaedius Britannicus's Romans declining and falling. Until a wild race for a barrel of magic potion lands them in the drink.
Title: F*&% the Prom | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Maddy and Cole were inseparable friends until high school started and Maddy became the most popular girl on campus. When she starts feeling lonely and heartbroken, she reconnects with Cole and the duo conspire to destroy the ultimate teen popularity contest
Title: Florence Foster Jenkins | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: The story of Florence Foster Jenkins, a New York heiress, who dreamed of becoming an opera singer, despite having a terrible singing voice.
Title: Doraemon: The New Record of Nobita's Spaceblazer | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: While Nobita is sleeping, he suddenly feels the floor is trembling, like there would be an earthquake in his room. A little rabbit from an alternate universe named Chamii opens the door between the dimensions using a hammer and gets inside Nobita's room through the floor. Nobita wakes up and Doraemon hears somebody steal food from the fridge in the kitchen. It is Chamii, who gets caught by Doraemon and Nobita. She shows them the passageway through Nobita's floor into the spaceship. After they enter the spaceship, they see Koya Koya Planet. They meet a boy named Roppuru.
Title: The Do-Over | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: The life of a bank manager is turned upside down when a friend from his past manipulates him into faking his own death and taking off on an adventure.
Title: Hardware | Genres: science fiction, thriller, horror | Overview: Mark 13 is a government-built killing machine programmed with artificial intelligence, able to repair and recharge itself from any energy source. Through a series of coincidences, the cyborg's head ends up in the home of a sculptress as a bizarre Christmas present from her boyfriend. Once inside its new home, the cyborg promptly reconstructs the rest of its body using a variety of household utensils and proceeds to go on a murderous rampage.
Title: Sleepover | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: As their first year of high school looms ahead, best friends Julie, Hannah, Yancy and Farrah have one last summer sleepover. Little do they know they're about to embark on the adventure of a lifetime. Desperate to shed their nerdy status, they take part in a night-long scavenger hunt that pits them against their popular archrivals. Everything under the sun goes on -- from taking Yancy's father's car to sneaking into nightclubs!
Title: My Big Fat Greek Wedding | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A young Greek woman falls in love with a non-Greek and struggles to get her family to accept him while she comes to terms with her heritage and cultural identity.
Title: Holiday in the Wild | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: When her husband abruptly ends their marriage, empty nester Kate embarks on a solo second honeymoon in Africa, finding purpose and potential romance.
Title: New World | Genres: thriller, crime, drama | Overview: An undercover cop has his loyalties tested when the boss of the corporate gang he's spent years infiltrating dies.
Title: Young Detective Dee: Rise of the Sea Dragon | Genres: action, crime, fantasy, adventure | Overview: The action-packed and captivating tale of Dee Renjie's beginnings in the Imperial police force. His very first case, investigating reports of a sea monster terrorizing the town, reveals a sinister conspiracy of treachery and betrayal, leading to the highest reaches of the Imperial family.
Title: Spies Like Us | Genres: comedy, adventure | Overview: Two bumbling government employees think they are U.S. spies, only to discover that they are actually decoys for nuclear war.
Title: The Best of Enemies | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Centers on the unlikely relationship between Ann Atwater, an outspoken civil rights activist, and C.P. Ellis, a local Ku Klux Klan leader who reluctantly co-chaired a community summit, battling over the desegregation of schools in Durham, North Carolina during the racially-charged summer of 1971. The incredible events that unfolded would change Durham and the lives of Atwater and Ellis forever.
Title: Switch | Genres: fantasy, comedy | Overview: Steve Brooks, a sexist womanizer, is killed by a group of his angry former lovers. In heaven, he makes a bargain with God for redemption and agrees to return to Earth. Once there, he must have a sincere relationship with a female and make her fall in love with him. If not, Steve's soul will become the property of the devil. But the devil hedges his bet, and Steve is reincarnated as a woman named Amanda Brooks.
Title: Mosul | Genres: documentary | Overview: An Iraqi journalist joins an army of uneasy allies and unforgettable characters in the epic battle to liberate the city of Mosul from the Islamic State.
Title: Black Widow | Genres: mystery, thriller | Overview: Federal agent Alexandra Barnes believes that Catherine Petersen is a serial killer who marries rich men and then murders them for their money. But since Catherine is seemingly a master of disguise and has multiple identities, Alexandra can't prove anything with conventional detective work. With no other option, she goes undercover, pursuing the same man as Catherine, and hoping that Catherine will slip up and reveal her true identity.
Title: Hot Rod | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: For Rod Kimball, performing stunts is a way of life, even though he is rather accident-prone. Poor Rod cannot even get any respect from his stepfather, Frank, who beats him up in weekly sparring matches. When Frank falls ill, Rod devises his most outrageous stunt yet to raise money for Frank's operation -- and then Rod will kick Frank's butt.
Title: Black Friday | Genres: horror, comedy, science fiction | Overview: A group of toy store employees must protect each other from a horde of parasite infected shoppers.
Title: Anna and the King | Genres: drama, romance, history | Overview: The story of the romance between the King of Siam (now Thailand) and the widowed British school teacher Anna Leonowens during the 1860s. Anna teaches the children and becomes romanced by the King. She convinces him that a man can be loved by just one woman.
Title: Ordinary People | Genres: drama | Overview: Beth, Calvin, and their son Conrad are living in the aftermath of the death of the other son. Conrad is overcome by grief and misplaced guilt to the extent of a suicide attempt. He is in therapy. Beth had always preferred his brother and is having difficulty being supportive to Conrad. Calvin is trapped between the two trying to hold the family together.
Title: Enchanted Kingdom | Genres: documentary | Overview: An extraordinary, spell-binding journey through the realms of nature to discover that the natural world is stranger, more magical, more mystical than anything you could possibly imagine. You'll be propelled from enchanted forests to the edge of the underworld, from a paranormal planet into fantastical seas, from celestial mountains through mercurial waters, finally to experience the ultimate celebration of nature's magic, the greatest gathering of wildlife on Earth. You won't believe your eyes or ears as you meet amazing creatures and experience nature as it's never been seen before, eye-to-eye with the creatures, on an adventure where you will truly believe the real world is more extraordinary and awe-inspiring than any fiction.
Title: Stormbreaker | Genres: adventure, action, family | Overview: Alex Rider thinks he is a normal school boy, until his uncle is killed. He discovers that his uncle was actually spy on a mission, when he was killed. Alex is recruited by Alan Blunt to continue the mission. He is sent to Cornwall to investigate a new computer system, which Darrius Sayle has created. He plans to give the new computer systems to every school in the country, but Mr. Blunt has other ideas and Alex must find out what it is.
Title: The Perfect Wedding | Genres: thriller, tv movie | Overview: Lindsay is about to marry the man of her dreams- until everything spirals out of control at her bachelorette party. With the wedding called off, she soon uncovers her friends devious scheme to steal away the man she loves.
Title: Blood Out | Genres: action, adventure, thriller, drama | Overview: When big city detectives refuse to further investigate his kid brother's gang related murder, small town Sheriff Michael Spencer drops the badge and goes undercover to find his brother's killer and avenge his death.
Title: Octonauts and the Caves of Sac Actun | Genres: family, animation | Overview: The Octonauts embark on an underwater adventure, navigating a set of challenging caves to help a small octopus friend return to the Caribbean Sea.
Title: Ayla: The Daughter of War | Genres: drama, war | Overview: In 1950, amidst the ravages of the Korean War, Sergeant Süleyman stumbles upon a a half-frozen little girl, with no parents and no help in sight. Frantic, scared and on the verge of death, this little girl captures the heart of Süleyman, who risks his own life to save her, smuggling her into his Army base and out of harms way. Not knowing her name and unable to communicate with her, Süleyman names her Ayla, in reminiscence of the moon on the fateful night during which they met. The two form an instantaneous and inseparable bond, and Ayla, almost effortlessly, brings an uncanny joy to the Turkish brigade in the grip of war. As the war comes to a close however, Süleyman's brigade is told that they will be returning home. Süleyman cannot bear abandoning Ayla, and does everything within his power to take her with him. After repeated failure, he is forced to give Ayla to an orphanage, but doesn't give up on the hope of one day reuniting with her. Will the two ever get back together?
Title: Hibiki | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: A high school girl with overwhelming literary talent shakes up the lives of those around her with her brilliant spontaneity.
Title: Sisters on Track | Genres: documentary | Overview: Three track star sisters face obstacles in life and in competition as they pursue Junior Olympic dreams in this extraordinary coming of age journey.
Title: Lord of the Flies | Genres: adventure, drama, thriller | Overview: When their plane crashes, 25 schoolboys find themselves trapped on a tropical island, miles from civilization.
Title: The Fury of a Patient Man | Genres: thriller | Overview: Quiet Jose woos cafe worker Ana, but she is unaware he has intentions other than the purely romantic.
Title: Quest for Fire | Genres: adventure, drama | Overview: A colossal adventure odyssey that turns back the hands of time to the very beginning of man's existence. 80,000 years ago, when man roamed the earth, he was exposed to the many harsh elements of nature. Against the perilous atmosphere of rugged terrain, rival tribes and savage beasts, Quest for Fire examines a peaceful tribe's search for that all important element fire, and the knowledge to create it. Focusing on human dream as well as realistic insights into pre-historic man, the constant struggle for survival is vividly recreated in this sensational production.
Title: The Professionals | Genres: western, action, adventure | Overview: An arrogant Texas millionaire hires four adventurers to rescue his kidnapped wife from a notorious Mexican bandit.
Title: Mysterious Island | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: During the US Civil War, Union POWs escape in a balloon and end up stranded on a South Pacific island, inhabited by giant plants and animals. They must use their ingenuity to survive the dangers, and to devise a way to return home. Sequel to '20,000 Leagues Under the Sea' .
"Title: Lupin III: The First | Genres: adventure, action, animation | Overview: The iconic ""gentleman thief"" Lupin III returns in an action-packed, continent-spanning adventure, as Lupin III and his colorful underworld companions race to uncover the secrets of the mysterious Bresson Diary, before it falls into the hands of a dark cabal that will stop at nothing to resurrect the Third Reich."
Title: Rip Tide | Genres: family, drama | Overview: There comes a point in everyone’s life when you have to make a decision about the direction you’re going to take. For newly-18 American fashion model Cora, that time is now. She’s moved to an Australian coastal town to be with her favourite aunt, after a 'fashion faux pas’ back home.
Title: Tess | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A strong-willed peasant girl is sent by her father to the estate of some local aristocrats to capitalize on a rumor that their families are from the same line. This fateful visit commences an epic narrative of sex, class, betrayal, and revenge.
Title: Crazy Hong Kong | Genres: adventure, comedy | Overview: In the early 1990s, Nǃxau was cast in three low-budget unofficial sequels that continued the fish-out-of-water aspects of the first two films.
Title: Beowulf | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: Beowulf is a wanderer who learns about a man-eating creature called Grendel, which comes in the night to devour warriors trapped at the Outpost. The Outpost is ruled by Hrothgar. He has a daughter, whose husband may have been murdered by the Outpost's master of arms.
"Title: The Assignment | Genres: thriller, action, crime | Overview: Jack Shaw has experienced the terror first-hand. He's a top CIA agent who's tracked international killer-for-hire Carlos ""The Jackal"" Sanchez for over twenty years and barely survived Carlos' devastating bombing of a Parisian cafe. Now, he finally gets a break when he discovers Carlos' dead ringer: American naval officer and dedicated family man Annibal Ramirez."
Title: Pi | Genres: mystery, drama, thriller | Overview: A mathematical genius discovers a link between numbers and reality, and thus believes he can predict the future.
Title: Yu-Gi-Oh! 3D: Bonds Beyond Time | Genres: animation, fantasy | Overview: After falling through a time-slip, Yusei Fudo (who has just had his powerful card stolen by a mysterious stranger) meets with Jaden Yuki and Yugi Muto, who agree to help Yusei defeat the evil Paradox, who is planning to destroy Pegasus before he can invent Duel Monsters.
Title: Empire Records | Genres: music, comedy, drama | Overview: The employees of an independent music store learn about each other as they try anything to stop the store being absorbed by a large chain.
Title: Marnie | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, romance, thriller | Overview: Marnie is a thief, a liar, and a cheat. When her new boss, Mark Rutland, catches on to her routine kleptomania, she finds herself being blackmailed.
Title: A Love Song for Bobby Long | Genres: drama | Overview: A headstrong young woman returns to New Orleans after the death of her estranged mother.
"Title: Pink Flamingos | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Notorious Baltimore criminal and underground figure Divine goes up against Connie & Raymond Marble, a sleazy married couple who make a passionate attempt to humiliate her and seize her tabloid-given title as ""The Filthiest Person Alive""."
Title: Wheelman | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: A getaway driver for a bank robbery realizes he has been double crossed and races to find out who betrayed him.
"Title: This Girl's Life | Genres: drama | Overview: ""Slice of life"" take on life of international porn celebrity, Moon, and her musings on modern life, love and loss."
Title: Rogue City | Genres: crime, thriller, action, drama | Overview: Caught in the crosshairs of police corruption and Marseille’s warring gangs, a loyal cop must protect his squad by taking matters into his own hands.
Title: The Final Girls | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: A young woman grieving the loss of her mother, a famous scream queen from the 1980s, finds herself pulled into the world of her mom's most famous movie. Reunited, the women must fight off the film's maniacal killer.
Title: Svaha: The Sixth Finger | Genres: mystery, thriller | Overview: Pastor Park is head of a religious investigation center that exposes cults and cult leaders. While looking into a suspicious new religion called ‘Deer Mount,’ he slowly uncovers clues that connect this cult to a series of mysterious cases of missing teenage girls when a body is found inside a damaged tunnel beams. He begins to uncover dark secrets surrounding this cult and its enforcer Na-han.
Title: Every Breath You Take | Genres: thriller | Overview: A psychiatrist, whose client commits suicide, finds his family life disrupted after introducing her surviving brother to his wife and daughter.
Title: True Crime | Genres: crime, drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: Boozer, skirt chaser, careless father. You could create your own list of reporter Steve Everett's faults but there's no time. A San Quentin Death Row prisoner is slated to die at midnight – a man Everett has suddenly realized is innocent.
Title: Recoil | Genres: action, crime | Overview: A cop turns vigilante after his family is murdered, exacting vengeance on the killers - and then on all criminals who have slipped through the system.
Title: Zombie Flesh Eaters | Genres: horror | Overview: On the Caribbean island of Matul, white doctor David Menard is trying to stem the tide of cannibal zombies that are returning from the dead. Arriving on the island are Anne and reporter Peter West who are looking for Anne's missing father. The pair soon find themselves under attack from the zombies.
Title: Please Stand By | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A young autistic woman runs away from her caregiver in order to boldly go and deliver her 500-page Star Trek script to a writing competition in Hollywood. On an adventure full of laughter and tears, Wendy follows the guiding spirit of Mr. Spock on her journey into the unknown.
Title: Dagon | Genres: fantasy, horror, thriller | Overview: A boating accident off the coast of Spain sends Paul and his girlfriend Barbara to the decrepit fishing village of Imboca. As night falls, people start to disappear and things not quite human start to appear. Paul is pursued by the entire town. Running for his life, he uncovers Imboca's secret..they worship Dagon, a monstrous god of the sea...and Dagon's unholy offspring are on the loose...
Title: Tailgate | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A cocksure, road-raging family man finds himself pursued and terrorized by the vengeful van driver he chooses to tailgate.
Title: The Secret Life of Bees | Genres: family, adventure, drama | Overview: Set in South Carolina in 1964, this is the tale of Lily Owens a 14 year-old girl who is haunted by the memory of her late mother. To escape her lonely life and troubled relationship with her father, Lily flees with Rosaleen, her caregiver and only friend, to a South Carolina town that holds the secret to her mother's past.
Title: Starter for 10 | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: In 1985, against the backdrop of Thatcherism, Brian Jackson enrolls in the University of Bristol, a scholarship boy from seaside Essex with a love of knowledge for its own sake and a childhood spent watching University Challenge, a college quiz show. At Bristol he tries out for the Challenge team and falls under the spell of Alice, a lovely blond with an extensive sexual past.
Title: The Warriors Gate | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: After a mysterious chest opens a gateway through time, teen gamer Jack is transported to an ancient empire terrorized by a cruel barbarian king. Jack will need all of his gaming skills as he battles to defeat the barbarian, protect a beautiful princess, and somehow find his way back home.
Title: Straw Dogs | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: L.A. screenwriter David Sumner relocates with his wife, Amy, to her hometown in the deep South. There, while tensions build between them, a brewing conflict with locals becomes a threat to them both.
Title: The Chase | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: The escape of Bubber Reeves from prison affects the inhabitants of a small Southern town.
Title: Forever Young | Genres: adventure, fantasy, drama, science fiction, romance | Overview: A 1939 test pilot asks his best friend to use him as a guinea pig for a cryogenics experiment. Daniel McCormick wants to be frozen for a year so that he doesn't have to watch his love lying in a coma. The next thing Daniel knows is that he's been awoken in 1992.
Title: Dumplin' | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: To prove a point about measuring up and fitting in, Texas teen Willowdean “Dumplin’” Dickson enters a local pageant run by her ex-beauty queen mom.
Title: The Cook, the Thief, His Wife & Her Lover | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: The wife of an abusive criminal finds solace in the arms of a kind regular guest in her husband's restaurant.
Title: Mysterious Skin | Genres: drama | Overview: A teenage hustler and a young man obsessed with alien abductions cross paths, together discovering a horrible, liberating truth.
Title: Sex, Lies and Death | Genres: drama, thriller, crime, romance | Overview: Viviana and Alicia have never met, but they're about to get intimately acquainted. One day, while tipping drinks back in a bar, the two women strike up a conversation that quickly turns personal, Viviana is locked in an abusive marriage, and Alicia's female lover, Lorena, has recently fallen for another woman. As the two women strangers find common ground in their lives, they enter into a secret pact to kill the people who have made their lives a living hell. Seductive, bloody and shocking events send them both plummeting down a destructive path from which there is no escape.
"Title: In the Line of Fire | Genres: action, drama, thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: Veteran Secret Service agent Frank Horrigan is a man haunted by his failure to save President Kennedy while serving protection detail in Dallas. Thirty years later, a man calling himself ""Booth"" threatens the life of the current President, forcing Horrigan to come back to protection detail to confront the ghosts from his past."
Title: X: The Movie | Genres: action, animation, fantasy | Overview: It's the year of destiny, and 15 year old Kamui Shiro, a powerful psychic, has returned to Toyko after a 6 year absence, having left when he was very young. He wants to be with his childhood friends, Fuma (his best friend) and Kotori, Fuma's little sister (and Kamui's possible girlfriend). He wants to protect them from all dangers, but destiny and fate are haunting Kamui and pulling in himself and his beloved childhood friends. It is his destiny and his sole decision to decide the fate of the world, no matter if he wants the role or not. Now it is a matter of if he will join the side of the Seven Seals and become the Dragon of Heaven to save mankind or join the Seven Angels and become the Dragon of Earth to destroy all civilization so the earth can heal itself from man's destruction.
Title: Clownhouse | Genres: horror | Overview: Just before Halloween, three young brothers alone in a big house are menaced by three escaped mental patients who have murdered some traveling circus clowns and taken their identities.
Title: Runaway | Genres: thriller, crime, science fiction | Overview: In the near future, a police officer specializes in malfunctioning robots. When a robot turns out to have been programmed to kill, he begins to uncover a homicidal plot to create killer robots... and his son becomes a target.
Title: The Duellists | Genres: drama, war | Overview: In 1800, as Napoleon Bonaparte rises to power in France, a rivalry erupts between Armand and Gabriel, two lieutenants in the French Army, over a perceived insult. For over a decade, they engage in a series of duels amidst larger conflicts, including the failed French invasion of Russia in 1812, and shifts in the political and social systems of Europe.
Title: The House of the Spirits | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: A rancher, his clairvoyant wife and their family face turbulent years in South America.
Title: The Tunnel | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: When a truck crashes inside a tunnel, people on their way home for Christmas are brutally trapped in a deadly fire. With a blizzard raging outside, and the first responders struggling to get to the accident, it's every man for himself.
Title: Everything Everywhere All at Once | Genres: action, comedy, science fiction | Overview: An aging Chinese immigrant is swept up in an insane adventure, where she alone can save the world by exploring other universes connecting with the lives she could have led. Unfortunately, this sweeps her up into an even bigger adventure when she finds herself lost in the infinite worlds of the multiverse.
Title: I Am Vengeance: Retaliation | Genres: action | Overview: A former special-forces soldier is given the opportunity to bring the man who betrayed his team on their final mission in Eastern Europe several years ago - to justice.
Title: Mayhem | Genres: action, comedy, horror | Overview: A virus spreads through an office complex causing white collar workers to act out their worst impulses.
Title: Working Girl | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: Tess McGill is an ambitious secretary with a unique approach for climbing the ladder to success. When her classy, but villainous boss breaks a leg skiing, Tess takes over her office, her apartment and even her wardrobe. She creates a deal with a handsome investment banker that will either take her to the top, or finish her off for good.
Title: The Manor | Genres: horror | Overview: After suffering a stroke, Judith moves into a historic nursing home, where she begins to suspect something supernatural is preying on the residents. With no one willing to believe her, Judith must either escape the confines of the manor, or fall victim to the evil that dwells within it.
Title: Gurren Lagann the Movie: Childhood's End | Genres: action, comedy, animation | Overview: Simon and Kamina live in an underground city monitored by the village chief. When Simon stumbles upon an artifact and beastmen invade from the surface, Simon and Kamina rebel against them.
Title: Last Shift | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A rookie cop's world is turned upside down when she comes face to face with Paymon - King Of Hell. Officer Jessica Loren has the last shift at a transitioning police station, assigned to wait for a crew picking up bio-hazard waste from the armoury. But unbeknownst to her, cult leader John Michael Paymon has haunted the department ever since he committed suicide in custody. Jessica is about to find out just how dangerous he still is, all alone on the graveyard shift...
Title: The Bar | Genres: horror, thriller, comedy | Overview: In downtown Madrid, a series of mysterious gunshots trap a motley assortment of people in a decrepit bar.
Title: Häxan | Genres: documentary, horror, history | Overview: Grave robbing, torture, possessed nuns, and a satanic Sabbath: Benjamin Christensen's legendary film uses a series of dramatic vignettes to explore the scientific hypothesis that the witches of the Middle Ages suffered the same hysteria as turn-of-the-century psychiatric patients. But the film itself is far from serious-- instead it's a witches' brew of the scary, gross, and darkly humorous.
Title: Chasing Papi | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Playboy Thomas Fuentes has so far been able to skate by in life on good looks and charm alone. But when his duplicitous relationships with three women -- impassioned waitress Cici, meticulous lawyer Lorena and bored socialite Patricia -- spiral out of control, he suffers a mental breakdown. His doctor recommends that he choose just one girlfriend -- but can he choose in time before they discover his deception?
Title: Bears | Genres: documentary | Overview: Filmmakers Alastair Fothergill and Keith Scholey chronicle a year in the lives of an Alaskan brown bear named Sky and her cubs, Scout and Amber. Their saga begins as the bears emerge from hibernation at the end of winter. As time passes, the bear family must work together to find food and stay safe from other predators, especially other bears. Although their world is exciting, it is also risky, and the cubs' survival hinges on family togetherness.
Title: Frenemies | Genres: drama, family, tv movie, comedy | Overview: What happens when three sets of BFF's become enemies?
Title: ¡Three Amigos! | Genres: comedy, western, adventure | Overview: Three unemployed actors accept an invitation to a Mexican village to replay their bandit fighter roles, unaware that it is the real thing.
Title: Halloweentown High | Genres: adventure, comedy, family, fantasy, tv movie | Overview: Marnie Piper prepares to begin a new school year, she asks the Halloweentown Hot Witches' Council to work toward openness between Halloweentown and the mortal world. She proposes to bring a group of Halloweentown students to her own high school in the mortal world.
Title: The Two Popes | Genres: drama, comedy, history | Overview: Frustrated with the direction of the church, Cardinal Bergoglio requests permission to retire in 2012 from Pope Benedict. Instead, facing scandal and self-doubt, the introspective Pope Benedict summons his harshest critic and future successor to Rome to reveal a secret that would shake the foundations of the Catholic Church.
Title: Hansel and Gretel Get Baked | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: An intense new marijuana strain named “Black Forest” is taking Los Angeles by storm, and Gretel’s stoner boyfriend can’t get enough. But when the old woman growing the popular drug (Lara Flynn Boyle) turns out to be an evil witch, cooking and eating her wasted patrons for their youth, Gretel and her brother Hansel must save him from a gruesome death — or face the last high of their lives.
Title: Buddha 2: The Endless Journey | Genres: animation, drama, history | Overview: 2500 years ago, in India, Siddhartha was born as a prince of the Shakya clan, but he gives up his position as a prince to see the world. He meets a strange boy named Assaji, who can predict the future, a monk with only one eye and Depa. Siddhartha continues traveling. Siddhartha is overwhelmed by the sufferings he witnesses around him. Meanwhile, Prince Ruri of Kosara begins his attack on the Shakya clan. Second Buddha movie from Tezuka Productions.
Title: Passion Play | Genres: drama, romance, fantasy | Overview: An angel under the thumb of a ruthless gangster is saved by a trumpet player down on his luck.
"Title: The Absent-Minded Professor | Genres: comedy, family, science fiction | Overview: Bumbling professor Ned Brainard accidentally invents flying rubber, or ""Flubber"", an incredible material that gains energy every time it strikes a hard surface. It allows for the invention of shoes that can allow jumps of amazing heights and enables a modified Model-T to fly. Unfortunately, no one is interested in the material except for Alonzo Hawk, a corrupt businessman who wants to steal the material for himself."
Title: The Adventures of Baron Munchausen | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, fantasy, family | Overview: An account of Baron Munchausen's supposed travels and fantastical experiences with his band of misfits.
Title: The 'Burbs | Genres: comedy, horror, thriller | Overview: When secretive new neighbors move in next door, suburbanite Ray Peterson and his friends let their paranoia get the best of them as they start to suspect the newcomers of evildoings and commence an investigation. But it's hardly how Ray, who much prefers drinking beer, reading his newspaper and watching a ball game on the tube expected to spend his vacation.
Title: The Proud Family Movie | Genres: tv movie, animation, comedy, family | Overview: Penny and her family are lured on an all expenses paid vacation where a mad scientist captures them, refusing to let them go because Oscar won't reveal his on of his secret Proud Snacks formulas.
Title: The Howling: Reborn | Genres: horror | Overview: On the eve of his high school graduation, unremarkable Will Kidman finally bonds with the girl he has long yearned for, reclusive Eliana Wynter. But he also discovers a dark secret from his past... that he is about to become a werewolf. Now, in an effort to fight destiny and save their love as well as their lives, they must battle not only Will's growing blood lust but an army of fearsome beasts bent on killing them... and then, us all.
Title: Northanger Abbey | Genres: romance, drama, tv movie | Overview: A young woman's penchant for sensational Gothic novels leads to misunderstandings in the matters of the heart.
Title: Mahjong Nights | Genres: thriller | Overview: Alexa witnesses a simple mahjong night turned bloody when all the player's dark secrets are discovered - including Alexa's illicit affair with her stepfather.
Title: M.F.A. | Genres: thriller | Overview: After the accidental death of her rapist, an art student becomes an unlikely vigilante, set out to avenge college girls whose rapists were not charged.
Title: Jin-Roh: The Wolf Brigade | Genres: animation, science fiction, thriller, drama | Overview: A member of an elite paramilitary counter-terrorism unit becomes traumatized after witnessing the suicide bombing of a young girl and is forced to undergo retraining. However, unbeknownst to him, he becomes a key player in a dispute between rival police divisions, as he finds himself increasingly involved with the sister of the girl he saw die.
Title: 22 July | Genres: history, drama, thriller, crime | Overview: In Norway on 22 July 2011, neo-Nazi terrorist Anders Behring Breivik murdered 77 young people attending a Labour Party Youth Camp on Utöya Island outside of Oslo. This three-part story will focus on the survivors of the attacks, the political leadership of Norway, and the lawyers involved.
"Title: Battle Royale II: Requiem | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: It's three years after the events of the original Battle Royale, and Shuya Nanahara is now an internationally-known terrorist determined to bring down the government. His terrorist group, Wild Seven, stages an attack that levels several buildings in Tokyo on Christmas Day, killing 8000 people. In order for the government to study the benefits of ""teamwork"", the new students work in pairs, with their collars electronically linked so that if one of them is killed, the other dies as well. They must kill Nanahara in three days - or die."
Title: Out for Justice | Genres: action, crime | Overview: Gino Felino is an NYPD detective from Brooklyn who knows everyone and everything in his neighborhood. Killing his partner was someone's big mistake... because he's now out for justice.
Title: Realive | Genres: science fiction | Overview: Marc, a successful, ambitious man, is diagnosed with terminal cancer, and is given a few months to live. Unable to accept death, he decides to cryogenically freeze himself. The love of his life is devastated. Seventy years later, Marc becomes the first cryogenic resuscitated person in history. But this doesn't happen in the idealized way he dreamt of.
Title: Larceny | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: After being busted for a heist, a former CIA contractor is sent to a Mexican prison. His former CIA boss offers him freedom if he can break into the prison vault and steal $50 Million.
"Title: Paris Is Burning | Genres: documentary | Overview: Where does voguing come from, and what, exactly, is throwing shade? This landmark documentary provides a vibrant snapshot of the 1980s through the eyes of New York City's African American and Latinx Harlem drag-ball scene. Made over seven years, PARIS IS BURNING offers an intimate portrait of rival fashion ""houses,"" from fierce contests for trophies to house mothers offering sustenance in a world rampant with homophobia, transphobia, racism, AIDS, and poverty. Featuring legendary voguers, drag queens, and trans women — including Willi Ninja, Pepper LaBeija, Dorian Corey, and Venus Xtravaganza."
Title: Kung Fu Panda: Secrets of the Masters | Genres: animation, action | Overview: Po and the Furious Five uncover the legend of three of kung fu's greatest heroes: Master Thundering Rhino, Master Storming Ox, and Master Croc.
Title: Purpose of Reunion | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Dongchul, who is managing a small bar, is always enthusiastic about his school reunions. One day, Yujin, who has never showed up to a reunion, shows up at his bar. Her baby face and vitality make her unlike other married women and all the men fall for her, especially Dongchul. They start a relationship but it abruptly flames out due to the sudden arrival of Dongchul’s wife. As they get to know each other's secrets, will their love be allowed to grow?
Title: Extract | Genres: comedy | Overview: The owner of a factory that produces flavor extracts, Joel Reynold seems to have it all, but really doesn't. What's missing is sexual attention from his wife, Suzie. Joel hatches a convoluted plan to get Suzie to cheat on him, thereby clearing the way for Joel to have an affair with Cindy, an employee. But what Joel doesn't know is that Cindy is a sociopathic con artist, and a freak workplace accident clears the way for her to ruin Joel forever.
Title: Our Meal for Tomorrow | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A 7 year love story between Ryota Hayama and Koharu Uemura from their first date to eventual marriage. Ryota and Koharu are high school students. Ryota is indifferent to people and says very little. Koharu is not afraid of to speak her mind and she has a bright personality. Since a game of rice bag jump, they begin to date. They date at a fast-food restaurant, realize they love each other at a family restaurant and finally swear their love on a dining table with white rice.
Title: The Guernsey Literary & Potato Peel Pie Society | Genres: romance, drama, history | Overview: Free-spirited writer Juliet Ashton forms a life-changing bond with the delightful and eccentric Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society, when she decides to write about the book club they formed during the occupation of Guernsey in WWII.
Title: Why Did You Kill Me? | Genres: documentary, crime | Overview: The line between justice and revenge blurs when a devastated family uses social media to track down the people who killed 24-year-old Crystal Theobald.
Title: Slayers Gorgeous | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Lina Inverse and her sidekick Naga the Serpent are happily enjoying lunch when the entire town ducks under cover before an invasion of Marlene Culvert and her legion of bloodthirsty dragons. The cause of the invasion? Marlene is in a feud with her father, the king, over her allowance. Lina leaps into action to defend the village against Marlene, her tetrad knights and her dragons, but her dependable Dragon Slave spell fails her. Right when she thinks she has won, the real battle has just begun.
Title: Grind | Genres: action, comedy, adventure | Overview: Four skaters follow their idol on his summer tour in an attempt to get noticed, get sponsored, and become stars themselves.
Title: Private Resort | Genres: comedy | Overview: Jack and his buddy Ben check in at a posh Florida resort, planning to spend every hour in hot pursuit of gorgeous babes. But their plans hit a major detour when they try to bed the wife of a conniving jewel thief. They'll have to outsmart him, a nasty security guard and an obnoxious jock if they're ever going to get a moment alone with the girls of their dreams!
Title: Indochine | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Eliane Devries is the seemingly repressed owner of a prosperous rubber plantation in French Indochina, circa 1930. Her steely exterior, however, is only a mask intended to hide her torrid love affairs from upper class society
"Title: Barefoot | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: The ""black sheep"" son of a wealthy family meets a young psychiatric patient who's been raised in isolation her entire life. He takes the naive young woman home for his brother's wedding an improbable romance blooms, as she impresses everyone with her genuine, simple charms."
Title: The Love Bug | Genres: fantasy, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: The inimitable VW Beetle is losing all his races and destined for the scrap heap until mechanic Hank takes him over and gives him a new lease of life. Soon, Herbie is winning again, to the fury of his previous owner, who builds a menacing black bug to challenge Herbie to the ultimate race.
Title: Nothing to Lose | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: Advertising executive Nick Beame learns that his wife is sleeping with his employer. In a state of despair, he encounters a bumbling thief whose attempted carjacking goes awry when Nick takes him on an involuntary joyride. Soon the betrayed businessman and the incompetent crook strike up a partnership and develop a robbery-revenge scheme. But it turns out that some other criminals in the area don't appreciate the competition.
Title: Summer of 85 | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: What do you dream of when you're 16-years-old and in a seaside resort in Normandy in the 1980s? A best friend? A lifelong teen pact? Scooting off on adventures on a boat or a motorbike? Living life at breakneck speed? No. You dream of death. Because you can't get a bigger kick than dying. And that's why you save it till the very end. The summer holidays are just beginning, and this story recounts how Alexis grew into himself.
Title: The Reluctant Dragon | Genres: fantasy, animation, family, comedy | Overview: Humorist Robert Benchley attempts to find Walt Disney to ask him to adapt a short story about a gentle dragon who would rather recite poetry than be ferocious. Along the way, he is given a tour of Walt Disney Studios, and learns about the animation process.
Title: Rise of the Footsoldier: Origins | Genres: crime, drama, action | Overview: A brutal account of how real-life, hard-as-nails Falklands War veteran Tony Tucker came to be involved in one of the most notorious gangland murders in British history.
Title: Enemies Closer | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: After a major shipment of drugs goes missing on the US-Canadian border, forest ranger and former Navy SEAL Henry is plunged into survival mode when the drug cartel forces him to help retrieve the downed package. Trapped in the wilderness with no communication to the outside world, Henry finds himself face to face with Clay, a man with a personal vendetta against Henry who has returned for retribution. Now, the two mortal enemies must make a choice: put aside their past and work together, or die alone at the hands of the drug runners, a ruthless gang who will stop at nothing to retrieve their lost cargo.
Title: Black Sheep | Genres: comedy | Overview: When dignified Albert Donnelly runs for Governor, his team moves to keep his slow-witted and klutzy younger brother, Mike, out of the eye of the media. To baby-sit Mike, the campaign assigns sarcastic Steve, who gets the experience of a lifetime when he tries to take Mike out of town during the election.
"Title: Dark Tide | Genres: thriller, adventure, drama | Overview: A traumatized shark expert must battle her own fears to lead a thrill-seeking businessman on a dive into a dangerous section of water known as ""Shark Alley."""
Title: Don’t Leave Home | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: An American artist’s obsession with a disturbing urban legend leads her to an investigation of the story’s origins at the crumbling estate of a reclusive painter in Ireland.
Title: Dolls | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Dolls takes puppeteering as its overriding motif, which relates thematically to the action provided by the live characters. Chief among those tales is the story of Matsumoto and Sawako, a young couple whose relationship is about to be broken apart by the former's parents, who have insisted their son take part in an arranged marriage to his boss' daughter.
Title: Shogun Assassin | Genres: action | Overview: A Shogun who grew paranoid as he became senile sent his ninjas to kill his samurai. They failed but did kill the samurai’s wife. The samurai swore to avenge the death of his wife and roams the countryside with his toddler son in search of vengeance.
Title: I Am Wrath | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A man is out for justice after a group of corrupt police officers are unable to catch his wife's killer.
Title: The Signal | Genres: thriller, science fiction | Overview: Three college students on a road trip across the Southwest experience a detour – the tracking of a computer genius who has already hacked into MIT and exposed security faults. When the trio find themselves drawn to an eerily isolated area, suddenly everything goes dark. When one of the students regains consciousness, he finds himself in a waking nightmare.
Title: Vanity Fair | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Beautiful, funny, passionate, and calculating, Becky is the orphaned daughter of a starving English artist and a French chorus girl. She yearns for a more glamorous life than her birthright promises and resolves to conquer English society by any means possible. A mere ascension into the heights of society is simply not enough. So Becky finds a patron in the powerful Marquess of Steyne whose whims enable Becky to realise her dreams. But is the ultimate cost too high for her?
Title: Orgazmo | Genres: comedy | Overview: Joe Young is a devout Mormon living in L.A. trying to raise enough money to go back to Utah and marry his girlfriend, Lisa. Joe is spreading the word about the church of Latter Day Saints one day when he's confronted by two burly bodyguards. A scuffle breaks out, and Joe's martial arts skills impress Maxxx Orbison, who directs pornographic movies.
Title: Chalet Girl | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: While working a job at an exclusive ski resort to support her Dad, Kim learns to snowboard and is so good at it that she enters a competition with a huge cash prize. She has to dig deep to overcome her fears, but her life gets more complicated through her spoken-for boss, Jonny.
Title: Before the Devil Knows You're Dead | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: When two brothers organize the robbery of their parents' jewelry store, the job goes horribly wrong, triggering a series of events that send them and their family hurtling towards a shattering climax.
Title: The Prince & Me 2: The Royal Wedding | Genres: romance, comedy, family | Overview: With just weeks before their royal wedding, Paige and Edvard find their relationship and the Danish monarchy in jeopardy when an old law is brought to light, stating that an unmarried heir to the throne may marry only a woman of noble blood or else he must relinquish his crown.
Title: Charlatan | Genres: drama | Overview: Born in the early 20th century, herbalist Jan Mikolasek became rich and famous after curing countless diseases with unorthodox means. A true emblem of Czechoslovakia before World War II, the healer became even more appreciated during the Nazi occupation and the communist regime. Each regime appreciates his skill and protects him. But how much will it cost him to maintain his status in a new political change?
Title: Buddy's Mom | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: 20-year-old Kyeong-soo is a man who's full of assumptions. He learned about sex from Internet porn, but nothing about the real thing. He's only had crushes and has never even kissed before. He got embarrassed when he confessed his feelings to Ji-yeon, his crush. He comforted himself from the shame with Japanese girls in his room with his right hand. One day, he has a fight with his father and remembers his friend Baek-hyeon had invited him over to Gangwon-do. There he falls in love with his friends' mother. Written by lament
Title: Richard Jewell | Genres: drama, history, crime | Overview: Richard Jewell thinks quick, works fast, and saves hundreds, perhaps thousands, of lives after a domestic terrorist plants several pipe bombs and they explode during a concert, only to be falsely suspected of the crime by sloppy FBI work and sensational media coverage.
Title: Shadow | Genres: action, drama | Overview: In a kingdom ruled by a young and unpredictable king, the military commander has a secret weapon: a shadow, a look-alike who can fool both his enemies and the King himself. Now he must use this weapon in an intricate plan that will lead his people to victory in a war that the King does not want.
Title: Hibernatus | Genres: comedy, science fiction | Overview: The frozen body of Paul Fournier is discovered in Greenland where he had disappeared during a scientific expedition in 1905. Perfectly conserved he is brought back to life in the 1960s. His descendants take care of him: to spare him the cultural shock they behave so to make believe it's 1905 and they are his cousins, uncle...
Title: Pleasure Shop on the Avenue | Genres: thriller | Overview: Two thieves rod a drug store and decide to hide out in a porn shop. Soon after when the coast is clear, the thieves take the shop worker with them as hostage. On there way to freedom they decide to break into a mansion and discover that they are not the only ones hiding as well. They find a group of students. The movie soon turns into a Last House on the Left meets a Joe D'Amato style film full of sleazy sex.
Title: Two Brothers | Genres: adventure, drama, family | Overview: Two tigers are separated as cubs and taken into captivity, only to be reunited years later as enemies by an explorer (Pearce) who inadvertently forces them to fight each other.
Title: Three Fugitives | Genres: comedy | Overview: On his first day after being released from jail for 14 armed bank robberies, Lucas finds himself caught up in someone else's robbery. Perry has decided to hold up the local bank to raise money so that he can keep his daughter, Meg, and get her the treatment she needs. Dugan, a detective, assumes Lucas helped plan the robbery, and hence Lucas, Perry and Meg become three fugitives.
Title: Wasp Network | Genres: drama, history, thriller | Overview: Havana, Cuba, 1990. René González, an airplane pilot, unexpectedly flees the country, leaving behind his wife Olga and his daughter Irma, and begins a new life in Miami, where he becomes a member of an anti-Castro organization.
Title: The Hallow | Genres: fantasy, horror | Overview: Deep within the darkness of secluded forest land in rural Ireland dwells an ancient evil. Feared by the nearby superstitious villagers as cursed creatures who prey upon the lost, their secrets have been kept from civilization and remain on their hallowed ground. But when a conservationist from London moves in with his wife and infant child in order to survey the land for future construction, his actions unwittingly disturb the horde of demonic forces. Alone in a remote wilderness, he must now ensure his family's survival from their relentless attacks.
Title: Ring of the Nibelungs | Genres: action | Overview: In this swords-and-sorcery tale, good-hearted blacksmith Eyvind hides away infant Prince Siegfried after two malevolent kings murder his father. But a fiery meteor sent by the gods reveals Siegfried's destiny, sending him on the quest of a lifetime. To save a crumbling kingdom claim the heart of his true love, he'll have to slay the nefarious dragon, Fafnir.
"Title: Savage Grace | Genres: drama | Overview: This examination of a famous scandal from the 1970s explores the relationship between Barbara Baekeland and her only son, Antony. Barbara, a lonely social climber unhappily married to the wealthy but remote plastics heir Brooks Baekeland, dotes on Antony, who is homosexual. As Barbara tries to ""cure"" Antony of his sexuality -- sometimes by seducing him herself -- the groundwork is laid for a murderous tragedy."
Title: Gettysburg | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: In the summer of 1863, General Robert E. Lee leads the Confederate Army of Northern Virginia into Gettysburg, Pennsylvania with the goal of marching through to Washington, D.C. The Union Army of the Potomac, under the command of General George G. Meade, forms a defensive position to confront the rebel forces in what will prove to be the decisive battle of the American Civil War.
Title: Kikujiro | Genres: comedy, drama, family | Overview: Brash, loudmouthed and opportunistic, Kikujiro is the unlikely companion for Masao who is determined to see the mother he has never met. The two begin a series of adventures which soon turns out to be a whimsical journey of laughter and tears with a wide array of surprises and unique characters along the way.
Title: The Black Dahlia | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: Lee Blanchard and Bucky Bleichert are former boxers-turned-cops in 1940s Los Angeles and, when an aspiring young actress turns up dead, Blanchard and Bleichert must grapple with corruption, narcissism, stag films and family madness as they pursue the killer.
Title: Suite Française | Genres: drama, romance, war | Overview: France, 1940. In the first days of occupation, beautiful Lucile Angellier is trapped in a stifled existence with her controlling mother-in-law as they both await news of her husband: a prisoner of war. Parisian refugees start to pour into their small town, soon followed by a regiment of German soldiers who take up residence in the villagers' own homes. Lucile initially tries to ignore Bruno von Falk, the handsome and refined German officer staying with them. But soon, a powerful love draws them together and leads them into the tragedy of war.
Title: Texas Killing Fields | Genres: drama, thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: In the Texas bayous, a local homicide detective teams up with a cop from New York City to investigate a series of unsolved murders.
Title: Ebirah, Horror of the Deep | Genres: science fiction, action, fantasy | Overview: Searching for his brother, Ryota stows away on a boat belonging to a criminal alongside two other teenagers. The group shipwrecks on Letchi island and discover the Infant Island natives have been enslaved by a terrorist organization controlling a crustacean monster. Finding a sleeping Godzilla, they decide to awaken him to defeat the terrorists and liberate the natives.
Title: Ted Bundy: American Boogeyman | Genres: thriller, crime | Overview: Set in a gritty and decadent 1970s America, American Boogeyman follows the elusive and charming killer and the manhunt that brought him to justice involving the detective and the FBI rookie who coined the phrase ‘serial killer’.
Title: A Vigilante | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: A once-abused woman devotes herself to ridding victims of their domestic abusers while hunting down the one she must kill to be truly free.
Title: Office Romance | Genres: comedy, romance, tv movie | Overview: Anatoli Yefremovich Novoseltsev works in a statistics institution, whose director is an unattractive and bossy woman. An old friend of his, Yuri Grigorievich Samokhvalov, who gets appointed assistant director of the institution, wants to make Novoseltsev the head of the department but encounters objections from Ludmila Prokopievna Kalugina, the director. Samokhvalov then advises Novoseltsev to lightly hit on the boss. Ironically, Novoseltsev and Kalugina fall in love with each other...
Title: The Sitter | Genres: comedy | Overview: Noah, is not your typical entertain-the-kids-no-matter-how-boring-it-is kind of sitter. He's reluctant to take a sitting gig; he'd rather, well, be doing anything else, especially if it involves slacking. When Noah is watching the neighbor's kid he gets a booty call from his girlfriend in the city. To hook up with her, Noah takes to the streets, but his urban adventure spins out of control as he finds himself on the run from a maniacal drug lord.
Title: All My Friends Hate Me | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: Genuine but increasingly insecure Pete is cautiously excited about reuniting with his college crew for a birthday weekend of memories, partying and earnest reconnection at a picturesque English manor. Best laid plans, dear audience.
Title: Dragnet | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: LAPD Sgt. Joe Friday -- the equally straight-laced nephew of the famous police sergeant of the same name -- is paired up with a young, freewheeling detective named Pep Streebeck. After investigating some strange robberies at the local zoo and the theft of a stockpile of pornographic magazines, they uncover cult activity in the heart of the city and are hot on the case to figure out who's behind it all.
Title: 1BR | Genres: thriller, drama, horror | Overview: When Sarah lucks into a sweet one-bedroom at Asilo Del Mar Apartments in Los Angeles, she think she's hit the jackpot. It's got plenty of space, friendly tenants, group BBQs and even a cute neighbour next door. All is not what it seems: loud noises start keeping her awake at night; her cat is missing; everyone seems to be a little too helpful and friendly, except for the weirdo, Lester. Soon, Sarah learns she didn't choose this apartment — it chose her.
Title: Burnout | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: For all who remember Cannonball Run. Here is a modern twist on the subject. The longest, wildest and funniest car race, ever. From Oslo to the North Cape. The only rule is getting there first!
Title: Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: A quiet teenage artist Rafe Katchadorian has a wild imagination and is sick of middle school and the rules that have been put before him. Rafe and his best friend Leo have come up with a plan: break every rule in the school hand book and as you expect trouble follows.
Title: Red Planet | Genres: thriller, action, science fiction | Overview: Astronauts search for solutions to save a dying Earth by searching on Mars, only to have the mission go terribly awry.
Title: Gangster Land | Genres: thriller, crime, action, drama, history | Overview: The story of America's most famous mobsters and their rise to power. Examine Al Capone's ascension through the eyes of his second in command, “Machine Gun” Jack McGurn.
Title: The Ramen Girl | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: An American woman is stranded in Tokyo after breaking up with her boyfriend. Searching for direction in life, she trains to be a râmen chef under a tyrannical Japanese master.
"Title: Hot Tub Time Machine 2 | Genres: comedy | Overview: When Lou, who has become the ""father of the Internet,"" is shot by an unknown assailant, Jacob and Nick fire up the time machine again to save their friend."
Title: Dolphin Tale 2 | Genres: family, drama | Overview: The team of people who saved Winter's life reassemble in the wake of her surrogate mother's passing in order to find her a companion so she can remain at the Clearwater Marine Hospital.
Title: Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room | Genres: documentary | Overview: A documentary about the Enron corporation, its faulty and corrupt business practices, and how they led to its fall.
"Title: Detective Conan: The Eleventh Striker | Genres: mystery, action, animation | Overview: Kogoro's detective agency receives a mysterious phone call. Someone on the other end warns about a bomb and leaves behind a code, ""The Boy in Blue and The Blue Zebra, the rain from above ..."" If Conan can decipher the riddle, he can stop the bomb. An adventure begins for Conan and the Detective Boys, taking place at a soccer match between Hideo Akagi of the Tokyo Spirits and Ryusuke Higo of Big Osaka"
Title: Another 9 1/2 Weeks | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: John flies over to Paris to find out his girlfriend Elizabeth. He finds a mysterious fashion designer named Lea and her assistant Claire, and it turns out that Lea was Elizabeth's friend in Paris. Lea says to John that Elizabeth married and moved away. The passion starts to appear between John and Lea, when Lea's business partner Vittorio tells John another version of Elizabeth's fate.
Title: Tale of Tales | Genres: romance, fantasy, horror | Overview: The Queen of Selvascura risks everything to be a mother; the King of Roccaforte falls in love with the voice of a mysterious girl; the King of Altomonte becomes obsessed with a flea and neglects his daughter.
Title: Action Point | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A daredevil designs and operates his own theme park with his friends.
Title: A Merry Friggin' Christmas | Genres: comedy | Overview: Boyd Mitchler and his family must spend Christmas with his estranged family of misfits. Upon realizing that he left all his son's gifts at home, he hits the road with his dad in an attempt to make the 8-hour round trip before sunrise.
Title: The Blackout | Genres: thriller, science fiction, action | Overview: Contact between most towns on Earth has been severed. A small ring-like area in Eastern Europe still has electricity, and maybe even life is being reported from space. What military forces find outside the ring is shocking.
Title: War of the Worlds 2: The Next Wave | Genres: action, science fiction, adventure | Overview: Two years after the Martian invasion, George Herbert's worst fears are realized: The Aliens have returned. As a second wave of Martian walkers lay waste to what's left of Earth, an alliance of military forces prepares a daring attack on the Red Planet itself. Once again, the future of mankind hangs in the balance.
Title: Timecop | Genres: thriller, science fiction, action, crime | Overview: An officer for a security agency that regulates time travel, must fend for his life against a shady politician who has a tie to his past.
Title: The Wing or the Thigh? | Genres: comedy | Overview: Charles Duchemin, a well-known gourmet and publisher of a famous restaurant guide, is waging a war against fast food entrepreneur Tri- catel to save the French art of cooking. After having agreed to appear on a talk show to show his skills in naming food and wine by taste, he is confronted with two disasters: his son wants to become a clown rather than a restaurant tester and he, the famous Charles Duchemin, has lost his taste!
Title: Picture of Beauty | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In an early 20th century village, a painter with an unusual commission finds two pretty girls two model for him. The girls slowly come of age while exploring their sexuality and finding liberation in a repressed society.
Title: Welcome to the Sticks | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Although living a comfortable life in Salon-de-Provence, a charming town in the South of France, Julie has been feeling depressed for a while. To please her, Philippe Abrams, a post office administrator, her husband, tries to obtain a transfer to a seaside town, on the French Riviera, at any cost. The trouble is that he is caught red-handed while trying to scam an inspector. Philippe is immediately banished to the distant unheard of town of Bergues, in the Far North of France...
Title: An Easy Girl | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Naïma has just turned 16. This summer, she will have to decide what she wants from life if she doesn’t want to miss out. Then her cousin Sofia arrives, with an amazing body and a dangerously seductive lifestyle. Naïma desires only to follow her own path, so long as it leads upwards… Despite the warnings of her best friend Dodo, she and Sofia will live through unforgettable encounters during a long summer that will mark them forever.
Title: Madame | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Anne and Bob, a well-to-do American couple, have just moved to a beautiful manor house in romantic Paris. To impress their sophisticated friends, they decide to host a lavish dinner party, but must disguise their maid as a noblewoman to even out the number of guests. When the maid runs off with a wealthy guest, Anne must chase her around Paris to thwart the joyous and unexpected love affair.
Title: Mystery, Alaska | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: In Mystery, Alaska, life revolves around the legendary Saturday hockey game at the local pond. But everything changes when the hometown team unexpectedly gets booked in an exhibition match against the New York Rangers. When quirky small-towners, slick promoters and millionaire athletes come together.
Title: Born on the Fourth of July | Genres: drama, war | Overview: The biography of Ron Kovic. Paralyzed in the Vietnam war, he becomes an anti-war and pro-human rights political activist after feeling betrayed by the country he fought for.
"Title: Desperately Seeking Susan | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Roberta is a bored suburban housewife who is fascinated with a woman, Susan, she only knows about by reading messages to and from her in the personals section of the newspaper. This fascination reaches a peak when an ad with the headline ""Desperately Seeking Susan"" proposes a rendezvous. Roberta goes too, and in a series of events involving amnesia and mistaken identity, steps into Susan's life."
Title: Once Upon a Time in High School | Genres: romance, drama, action | Overview: A model student transfers to the notorious Jungmoon High School known for its severe corporal punishment by teachers and power struggles between school gangs.
Title: The Dark Crystal | Genres: fantasy, adventure, family, animation | Overview: On another planet in the distant past, a Gelfling embarks on a quest to find the missing shard of a magical crystal and restore order to his world, before the grotesque race of Skeksis find and use the crystal for evil.
"Title: Be with You | Genres: drama, fantasy, romance | Overview: When two souls find one another, nothing can tear them apart. Widower Takumi lives a quiet life with his six-year-old son Yuji after the loss of wife and mother Mio. Yuji unfailingly remembers her promise to him: ""I'll be with you again in a year's time, when the rains come."" On the first anniversary of her passing, Takumi and Yuji are taking a walk in the woods when they come across a woman sheltering from a monsoon downpour."
Title: Mask | Genres: drama | Overview: A boy with a massive facial skull deformity and biker gang mother attempts to live as normal a life as possible under the circumstances.
Title: Wicked City | Genres: animation, action, fantasy, horror | Overview: A peace treaty between the Earth and the Black World, a parallel universe of demons, is coming to an end. Two cops, Taki, a human male, and Maki, a female demon, are assigned to protect a diplomat who will help secure another treaty. A radical group of demons from the Black World are out to assassinate the diplomat and prevent the treaty; only the bond that forms between the two cops can save the Earth from destruction.
Title: Bad Boys | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Mick O'Brien is a young Chicago street thug torn between a life of petty crime and the love of his girlfriend. But when the heist of a local drug dealer goes tragically wrong Mick is sentenced to a brutal juvenile prison where violence is a rite of passage and respect is measured in vengeance.
Title: The Party | Genres: drama, romance, comedy | Overview: A thirteen-year-old French girl deals with moving to a new city and school in Paris, while at the same time her parents are getting a divorce.
Title: The Best Offer | Genres: drama, romance, crime | Overview: Virgil Oldman is a world renowned antiques expert and auctioneer. An eccentric genius, he leads a solitary life, going to extreme lengths to keep his distance from the messiness of human relationships. When appointed by the beautiful but emotionally damaged Claire to oversee the valuation and sale of her family’s priceless art collection, Virgil allows himself to form an attachment to her – and soon he is engulfed by a passion which will rock his bland existence to the core.
Title: Curious George: Royal Monkey | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Join your favorite monkey as he takes on his most regal role yet in the all-new movie, Curious George: Royal Monkey. After disrupting a meeting with a stuffy royal family, George accidentally trades places with the king's snooty monkey, Philippe. While Philippe puzzles Ted with his flawless manners, George travels to the castle where his fun-loving antics raise eyebrows and bring shy Princess Isabel out of her shell. Featuring all-new music from Andy Grammer, this king-sized adventure reminds us all that doing what you love is the key to happiness.
Title: Thunderbirds | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, family, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Dangerous missions are the bread and butter of the Thunderbirds, a high-tech secret force employed by the government. Led by Jeff Tracy (Bill Paxton), the Thunderbirds are at the top of their game, but their nemesis, The Hood (Ben Kingsley), has landed on their island and is attempting a coup by using the team's rescue vehicles. He'll soon discover that the Thunderbirds won't go down.
Title: Cries and Whispers | Genres: drama | Overview: As Agnes slowly dies of cancer, her sisters are so deeply immersed in their own psychic pains that they can't offer her the support she needs. Maria is wracked with guilt at her husband's attempted suicide, caused by his discovery of her extramarital affair. The self-loathing, suicidal Karin seems to regard her sister with revulsion. Only Anna, the deeply religious maid who lost her young child, seems able to offer Agnes solace and empathy.
Title: Christmas Wedding Planner | Genres: romance, family, tv movie | Overview: Wedding Planner, Kelsey Wilson, is about to have her big break: planning her beloved cousin's lavish and exclusive wedding. Everything is going smoothly until Connor McClane, a devilishly handsome private investigator, shows up and turns Kelsey's world upside-down. Hired by a secret source, Connor quickly disrupts the upcoming nuptials but wins Kelsey's heart in the process.
Title: Au Revoir les Enfants | Genres: drama, war | Overview: Au revoir les enfants tells a heartbreaking story of friendship and devastating loss concerning two boys living in Nazi-occupied France. At a provincial Catholic boarding school, the precocious youths enjoy true camaraderie—until a secret is revealed. Based on events from writer-director Malle’s own childhood, the film is a subtle, precisely observed tale of courage, cowardice, and tragic awakening.
Title: Cinderella's Hot Night | Genres: fantasy, comedy | Overview: Cinderella's Hot Night presents a lively retelling of the classic fairy tale...with a slightly more mature, erotic twist. Follow the adventures of the bewildered Cindy as she falls prey to her wicked sex-crazed benefactor all the while pining for her secret love, a noble European Prince. With the help of her smoking hot Fairy Godmother, Cindy finally realizes her dream of becoming a real-life Princess.
Title: Into the Blue 2: The Reef | Genres: action | Overview: When they're hired to recover the lost treasure of Columbus, married scuba divers Sebastian (Chris Carmack) and Dani (Laura Vandervoort) think they've hit the jackpot. But as they get closer to the fortune, the couple begins to suspect their employers have their own agenda. Hitting upon the real plan, the two come to the chilling realization that they may be expendable and that there's much more than riches at stake.
Title: Love in the Time of Cholera | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In Colombia just after the Great War, an old man falls from a ladder; dying, he professes great love for his wife. After the funeral, a man calls on the widow - she dismisses him angrily. Flash back more than 50 years to the day Florentino Ariza, a telegraph boy, falls in love with Fermina Daza, the daughter of a mule trader.
Title: Betty Blue | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A lackadaisical handyman and aspiring novelist tries to support his younger girlfriend as she slowly succumbs to madness.
Title: Still Alice | Genres: drama | Overview: Alice Howland, happily married with three grown children, is a renowned linguistics professor who starts to forget words. When she receives a devastating diagnosis, Alice and her family find their bonds tested.
Title: Foodfight! | Genres: animation, action, comedy, family | Overview: The evil Brand X joins a supermarket that becomes a city after closing time.
Title: Blunt Force Trauma | Genres: action | Overview: Follows the journey of John and Colt, gunfighters and sometime lovers, on parallel but very different journeys through an underground dueling culture.
Title: Kids Return | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Shinji and Masaru spend most of their school days harassing fellow classmates and playing pranks. They drop out and Shinji becomes a small-time boxer, while Masaru joins up with a local yakuza gang. However, the world is a tough place...
Title: Just One of the Guys | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: When Terry Griffith loses her high school's writing competition, she's convinced that it's because she's a girl. So Terry decides to change high schools and pose as a boy to prove her point. Her brother, Buddy, helps her pass as a guy so well that she is soon making friends with the boys at school, including the attractive Rick, who becomes her new best friend. But her gender-swapping makes things difficult when she falls in love with him.
Title: Beware the Slenderman | Genres: crime, documentary | Overview: In this horrifyingly modern fairytale lurks an online Boogeyman and two 12-year-old girls who would kill for him. The entrance to the internet quickly leads to its darkest basement. How responsible are our children for what they find there?
Title: Sex and Curse | Genres: drama, horror | Overview: Women keep throwing themselves at Charlie, but he falls for charming masseur Si Wai, who is beholden to a cute little idol who once saved her from being raped by a gangster. Unfortunately, the ghost of the gangster goes after Charlie, making him have sex with the women he is obliged to show around for work purposes.
Title: The Wedding Singer | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Robbie, a local rock star turned wedding singer, is dumped on the day of his wedding. Meanwhile, waitress Julia finally sets a wedding date with her fiancée Glenn. When Julia and Robbie meet and hit it off, they find that things are more complicated than anybody thought.
Title: The Fixies: Top Secret | Genres: comedy, family, animation, adventure | Overview: The Fixies are little creatures that, unseen by humans, help them maintain their appliances – and generally make sure things don’t fall apart… Until an unexpected occurrence of gargantuan proportions threatens to reveal the Fixies’ existence!
Title: Dirty Rotten Scoundrels | Genres: crime, comedy | Overview: Two con men try to settle their rivalry by betting on who can be the first to swindle a young American heiress out of $50,000.
Title: The Inbetweeners Movie | Genres: comedy | Overview: High school graduation just wouldn’t be complete without an un-chaperoned, uninhibited and unforgettable final holiday. At least that’s what Will, Jay, Simon and Neil think when they book a two-week stay on an exotic Greek island. As their dreams of sun-drenched days and booze-filled nights are left hopelessly unfulfilled, the lads fight their way into the party scene with hilariously humiliating results in this smash hit UK raunchy comedy.
Title: Justice, My Foot! | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: An unscrupulous lawyer with an equally eccentric kung-fu sidekick wife tries to bring justice to the court.
Title: Submergence | Genres: drama, thriller, romance | Overview: While James More is held captive by terrorists in Somalia, thousands of miles away on the Greenland Sea, his lover Danny Flinders prepares to dive herself in a submersible into the deep bottom of the ocean, tormented by the memories of their brief encounter in France and her inability to know his whereabouts.
Title: The Thomas Crown Affair | Genres: drama, crime, romance | Overview: A very rich and successful playboy amuses himself by stealing artwork, but may have met his match in a seductive detective.
Title: Driving Miss Daisy | Genres: drama | Overview: The story of an old Jewish widow named Daisy Werthan and her relationship with her black chauffeur, Hoke. From an initial mere work relationship grew in 25 years a strong friendship between the two very different characters in a time when those types of relationships where shunned.
Title: Porky's 3: Revenge | Genres: comedy | Overview: As graduation nears for the class of 1955 at Angel Beach High, the gang once again faces off against their old enemy, Porky, who wants them to throw the school's championship basketball game since he has bet on the opposing team.
Title: Twinkle, Twinkle, Lucky Stars | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: The third installment in the Lucky Stars series, following Winners and Sinners (1983) and My Lucky Stars (1985)... The team are released from prison to play detective in order to stop a ruthless gang from ruining their reputations, taking their lives, and that of a key witness in an upcoming trial. They must battle their way through and with the help of Muscles, take down the bad guys.
Title: Ruben Brandt, Collector | Genres: animation, action, thriller, crime | Overview: Psychotherapist Ruben Brandt becomes the most wanted criminal in the world when he and four of his patients steal paintings from the world's most renowned museums and art collections.
Title: Bacurau | Genres: mystery, western, thriller | Overview: Bacurau, a small town in the Brazilian sertão, mourns the loss of its matriarch, Carmelita, who lived to be 94. Days later, its inhabitants notice that their community has vanished from most maps.
Title: The Seven Year Itch | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: With his family away for their annual summer holiday, Richard Sherman decides he has the opportunity to live a bachelor's life. The beautiful but ditzy blonde from the apartment above catches his eye and they soon start spending time together—maybe a little too much time!
Title: Nope | Genres: horror, mystery, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Residents in a lonely gulch of inland California bear witness to an uncanny, chilling discovery.
Title: The Scary of Sixty-First | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller, comedy | Overview: Two roommates’ lives are upended after finding out that their new Manhattan apartment harbors a dark secret.
Title: Mandingo | Genres: history, action, romance, drama | Overview: Warren Maxwell, the owner of a run-down plantation, pressures his son, Hammond, to marry and produce an heir to inherit the plantation. Hammond settles on his own cousin, Blanche, but purchases a sex slave when he returns from the honeymoon. Meanwhile, Warren buys a new Mandingo slave named Mede to breed and to earn money as a prize-fighter.
Title: The Crimson Pirate | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, drama | Overview: Burt Lancaster plays a pirate with a taste for intrigue and acrobatics who involves himself in the goings on of a revolution in the Caribbean in the late 1700s. A light hearted adventure involving prison breaks, an oddball Scientist, sailing ships, naval fights, and tons of swordplay.
Title: Fairy Tales | Genres: adventure, comedy, romance | Overview: On his twenty-first birthday, the Prince goes on a quest that takes him across the land searching for the one woman that gets him sexually excited, Princess Sleeping Beauty.
Title: Monster's Ball | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Set in the southern USA, a racist white man, Hank, falls in love with a black woman named Leticia. Ironically, Hank is a prison guard working on Death Row who executed Leticia's husband. Hank and Leticia's inter-racial affair leads to confusion and new ideas for the two unlikely lovers.
Title: Cam | Genres: mystery, thriller, horror | Overview: A young camgirl discovers that she’s inexplicably been replaced on her site with an exact replica of herself.
Title: Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: Three tales of very different women using their sexuality as a means to getting what they want.
Title: Children of the Corn: Revelation | Genres: horror | Overview: When a girl named Jamie repeatedly tries to contact her grandmother to no avail, she investigates by going to her apartment in Omaha Nebraska - only to find that it's been condemned and overtaken by possessed children. As she digs deeper, she discovers a dark secret about her grandmother and awakens a dark, demonic force that wants Jamie dead and will stop at nothing.
Title: The Merciless | Genres: action, crime, mystery | Overview: Jae-ho, who aims to become the number one in a crime organization, gets to build up trust with Hyun-su, an ambitious newbie in the prison. While they try to take over the organization after the prison release, their ulterior motives starts to emerge.
Title: Angels with Dirty Faces | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: In New York, the boys Rocky Sullivan and Jerry Connelly are best friends and small time thieves. After a robbery, Rocky is arrested and sent to a reformatory school, where he begins his criminal career. Jerry escapes and later becomes a priest. After three years in prison, Rocky is released and demands the return of $100,000 deposited with his solicitor - prior to his jail term.
Title: Dark Web: Cicada 3301 | Genres: thriller, action, comedy | Overview: Genius hacker Connor discovers Cicada 3301, an online treasure hunt that could be a recruiting tool for a secret society. Soon Conner, art-expert friend Avi, and secretive librarian Gwen are dashing from graffiti sites to ancient libraries to uncover real-world clues. But they must outrun aggressive NSA agents, also hot on the trail of Cicada, who want the glory for themselves.
Title: Alvin and the Chipmunks Meet the Wolfman | Genres: animation, family, fantasy, music, horror, comedy | Overview: It's the Chipmunks' third and final full-length feature! Alvin is struggling with nightmares of werewolves. Alvin believes that the new next-door neighbor Mr. Talbot is a werewolf. Of course, no one believes him. Meanwhile, the boys are working on the school production of Dr. Jekyll &amp; Mr. Hyde. When Alvin blows up the school auditorium, he is expelled from the production. Theodore is put in to rise his lack of confidence. Alvin and Simon are trying to discover the secret of Mr. Talbot. Will the play go as planned or will the Chipmunks mess it up?!
Title: Hatchet | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: When a group of tourists on a New Orleans haunted swamp tour find themselves stranded in the wilderness, their evening of fun and spooks turns into a horrific nightmare.
Title: Turn A Gundam II: Moonlight Butterfly | Genres: animation, science fiction | Overview: Following the events of the first movie, the Militia finishes restoration work on its excavated spaceship and travels to the moon to deal with Gym Ghingnham and Agrippa Maintainer, who along with Dianna Soreil form a governing triumvirate over the Moonrace. On the moon, the political situation rapidly evolves as new deals are made, setting the stage for a decisive final battle to determine the relationship between the people of Earth and the technologically advanced Moonrace.
Title: Tristana | Genres: drama | Overview: Tristana is a young Spanish woman left to the care of Don Lope, a protective but impoverished aristocrat. Don sells his possessions to avoid manual labor and champions the causes of the dispossessed and downtrodden of society. He takes advantage of the vulnerable Tristana, who leaves him when she falls in love with Horacio. Unable to commit to him, she returns to Don Lope when she falls ill. He asks for her hand in marriage, and she accepts after losing her leg to cancer. She chooses to remain in a passionless union rather than be subject to the harsh realities of a society that refuses to change to the needs of women. Taken from the novel by celebrated author Benito Perez Galdos.
Title: Chain Reaction | Genres: science fiction, action, drama, thriller | Overview: Two researchers in a green alternative energy project forced on the run when they are framed for murder and treason.
Title: Presumed Innocent | Genres: thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: Rusty Sabich is a deputy prosecutor engaged in an obsessive affair with a coworker who is murdered. Soon after, he's accused of the crime. And his fight to clear his name becomes a whirlpool of lies and hidden passions.
Title: Flatfoot in Hong Kong | Genres: action, comedy, thriller, drama | Overview: Inspector Rizzo is accused of drug trafficking. In order to clear his name he has to find out who is the person, from a Mafia ring, who has infiltrated his police department.
Title: Three Colors: Blue | Genres: drama | Overview: Julie is haunted by her grief after living through a tragic auto wreck that claimed the life of her composer husband and young daughter. Her initial reaction is to withdraw from her relationships, lock herself in her apartment and suppress her pain. But avoiding human interactions on the bustling streets of Paris proves impossible, and she eventually meets up with Olivier, an old friend who harbors a secret love for her, and who could draw her back to reality.
Title: Swingers Sex Party | Genres: drama | Overview: Five friends at a gathering to celebrate the upcoming marriage of two of them and discuss sex, marriage and infidelity.
Title: Von Ryan's Express | Genres: war, action, drama, history, thriller | Overview: Von Ryan's Express stars Frank Sinatra as a POW colonel who leads a daring escape from WWII Italy by taking over a freight train, but he has to win over the British soldiers he finds himself commanding.
"Title: The People Under the Stairs | Genres: comedy, drama, horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: When young Poindexter ""Fool"" Williams breaks into the creepy, immense old home of his family's greedy and uncaring landlords, he uncovers a disturbing scenario underneath the stairs."
Title: Up Close & Personal | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Tally Atwater has a dream: to be a prime-time network newscaster. She pursues this dream with nothing but ambition, raw talent and a homemade demo tape. Warren Justice is a brilliant, hard edged, veteran newsman. He sees Tally has talent and becomes her mentor. Tally’s career takes a meteoric rise and she and Warren fall in love. The romance that results is as intense and revealing as television news itself. Yet, each breaking story, every videotaped crisis that brings them together, also threatens to drive them apart...
Title: Revolutionary Girl Utena: The Adolescence of Utena | Genres: animation, fantasy, action, romance | Overview: In a loose retelling of the Revolutionary Girl Utena TV series, Utena Tenjou arrives at Ohtori Academy, only to be immediately swept up in a series of duels for the hand of her classmate Anthy Himemiya and the power she supposedly holds. At the same time, Utena reunites with Touga Kiryuu, a friend from her childhood who seems to know the secrets behind the duels. Utena must discover those secrets for herself, before the power that rules Ohtori claims her and her friends, new and old.
Title: Bunyan and Babe | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: Travis and his sister, Whitney, visit their grandparents for the summer and fall through a magical portal which transports him to the world of American hero Paul Bunyan and his big, blue, talking ox, Babe.
Title: Bound | Genres: thriller | Overview: The daughter of a wealthy real estate mogul falls in love with a younger man, and she is introduced to the world of BDSM. With her newly awakened sexual prowess, she is finally able to take control of her life.
"Title: A Cock and Bull Story | Genres: comedy | Overview: Steve Coogan, an arrogant actor with low self-esteem and a complicated love life, is playing the eponymous role in an adaptation of ""The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman"" being filmed at a stately home. He constantly spars with actor Rob Brydon, who is playing Uncle Toby and believes his role to be of equal importance to Coogan's."
Title: Happy Birthday to Me | Genres: drama, horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: Virginia is proud that she belongs to a clique. The best students at a private school. But before her 18th birthday, a grueling set of murders take place and her friends are the ones who are falling prey. Could it be her? She suffers from blackouts due to a freak accident one year earlier. We soon learn the truth behind her accident and what is going on...
Title: Creature from the Black Lagoon | Genres: adventure, horror, science fiction | Overview: When scientists exploring the Amazon River stumble on a “missing link” connecting humans and fish, they plan to capture it for later study. But the Creature has plans of his own, and has set his sights on the lead scientist's beautiful fiancée, Kay.
Title: The Bookshop | Genres: drama | Overview: Set in a small English town in 1959, a woman decides, against polite but ruthless local opposition, to open a bookshop, a decision which becomes a political minefield.
Title: The Party at Kitty and Stud's | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Kitty and Stud are lovers. They enjoy a robust sex-life, which includes fellatio and light S&M, specifically, Stud belt-whipping Kitty. Three women come over for a party and Stud services them, one after the other.
Title: Pierrot le Fou | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Pierrot escapes his boring society and travels from Paris to the Mediterranean Sea with Marianne, a girl chased by hit-men from Algeria. They lead an unorthodox life, always on the run.
Title: Catacombs | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A young woman in Paris goes to a party in the enormous labyrinth of limestone tunnels beneath Paris. When she becomes separated from her friends, she is convinced something is chasing her through the dark tunnels.
Title: All About the Benjamins | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: Bucum Jackson (Cube) is a bounty hunter with a lot of attitude and no interest in taking on a partner. Working at Martinez Bail Bonds, Jackson has unorthodox methods of tracking down low-life criminals, but they work, and one day he hopes to become his own boss and open up his own private investigation firm. Reggie Wright (Epps) is a slippery con artist who is avoiding the law, and Jackson. During a cat and mouse chase, the two stumble on a multi-million dollar diamond heist. Hiding from Jackson, Wright finds himself in the thieves' getaway van and ends up having to escape from them after they discover their booty is fake, much to the displeasure of their ruthless boss (Flanagan). When Wright meets up with his girlfriend (Mendes), he discovers that his recently purchased lottery ticket is the sole winner of $60 million. Unfortunately, his wallet, which held the ticket, was left in the thieves' van, so he persuades Jackson to help him get it back.
Title: Cat on a Hot Tin Roof | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: An alcoholic ex-football player drinks his days away, having failed to come to terms with his sexuality and his real feelings for his football buddy who died after an ambiguous accident. His wife is crucified by her desperation to make him desire her: but he resists the affections of his wife. His reunion with his father—who is dying of cancer—jogs a host of memories and revelations for both father and son.
"Title: Fly Away Home | Genres: action, adventure, drama, family | Overview: Amy is only 13 years old when her mother is killed. She goes to Canada to live with her father, an eccentric inventor whom she barely knows. Amy is miserable in her new life... until she discovers a nest of goose eggs that were abandoned when a local forest is torn down. The eggs hatch and Amy becomes ""Mama Goose"". When Winter comes, Amy, and her dad must find a way to lead the birds South..."
Title: How to Marry a Millionaire | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Three women set out to find eligible millionaires to marry, but find true love in the process.
Title: Tad the Lost Explorer and the Mummy's Curse | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: Tad would love for his archeologist colleagues to accept him as one of their own, but he always messes everything up. Tad accidentally destroys a sarcophagus and unleashes an ancient spell endangering the lives of his friends: Mummy, Jeff and Belzoni. With everyone against him and only helped by Sara, he sets off on an adventure that will take him from Mexico to Chicago and from Paris to Egypt, in order to put an end to the curse of the Mummy.
Title: Crayon Shin-chan: My Moving Story! Cactus Large Attack! | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy | Overview: The Noharas must survive a hoard of man-eating killer cacti after Shin-chan's father relocates the family to Mexico for work.
Title: Batman & Bill | Genres: documentary | Overview: Everyone thinks that Bob Kane created Batman, but that’s not the whole truth. One author makes it his crusade to make it known that Bill Finger, a struggling writer, actually helped invent the iconic superhero, from concept to costume to the very character we all know and love. Bruce Wayne may be Batman’s secret identity, but his creator was always a true mystery.
Title: The Zodiac | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: An elusive serial killer known as the Zodiac terrorizes the San Francisco Bay in the late 1960s, while detectives aim to stop him before he claims more victims. Based on a true story.
Title: Memories of My Father | Genres: drama | Overview: Portrays the life of Héctor Abad Gómez, a prominent doctor and human rights activist in the polarized, violent Medellin of the 70s. A family man worried not only for his own children but those of the underprivileged classes as well, his home was imbued with vitality and creativity, the result of an education based on tolerance and love. Nothing could foretell that a terrible cancer would take the life of one of his beloved daughters. Driven by sadness and rage, Héctor devoted himself to the social and political causes of the time. But Medellin's intolerant society would harass him until he was finally silenced.
Title: Fire in the Sky | Genres: science fiction, drama, mystery | Overview: A group of men who were clearing brush for the government arrive back in town, claiming that their friend was abducted by aliens. Nobody believes them, and despite a lack of motive and no evidence of foul play, their friends' disappearance is treated as murder.
Title: Watch Out, We're Mad | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: After a tied 1st place in a local stunt race, two drivers start a contest to decide who of them will own the prize, a dune buggy. But when a mobster destroys the car, they are determined to get it back.
Title: The Thieves | Genres: action, crime | Overview: A gang of South Korean thieves team up with a Hong Kong crew to steal a diamond necklace from a heavily-guarded casino safe in Macau. As the cops close in, old betrayals — and misunderstandings — resurface.
Title: Consenting Adults | Genres: crime, drama, mystery | Overview: Richard and Priscilla Parker are an ordinary suburban couple whose lives are invaded and rocked by their hedonistic, secretive new neighbors, Eddy and Kay Otis.
Title: The Hunted | Genres: drama, action, thriller, crime | Overview: In the wilderness of British Columbia, two hunters are tracked and viciously murdered by Aaron Hallum. A former Special Operations instructor is approached and asked to apprehend Hallum—his former student—who has 'gone rogue' after suffering severe battle stress from his time in Kosovo.
Title: Nicholas Nickleby | Genres: adventure, drama, action, family | Overview: Nicholas Nickleby, a young boy in search of a better life, struggles to save his family and friends from the abusive exploitation of his coldheartedly grasping uncle.
Title: Tokyo Gore Police | Genres: adventure, horror, action, science fiction | Overview: Set in a future-world vision of Tokyo where the police have been privatized and bitter self-mutilation is so casual that advertising is often specially geared to the “cutter” demographic, this is the story of samurai-sword-wielding Ruka and her mission to avenge her father’s assassination. Ruka is a cop from a squad whose mission is to destroy homicidal mutants known as “engineers” possessing the ability to transform any injury into a weapon.
Title: Australia | Genres: adventure, drama, romance | Overview: Set in northern Australia before World War II, an English aristocrat who inherits a sprawling ranch reluctantly pacts with a stock-man in order to protect her new property from a takeover plot. As the pair drive 2,000 head of cattle over unforgiving landscape, they experience the bombing of Darwin by Japanese forces firsthand.
Title: The Lodgers | Genres: drama, horror, romance, thriller | Overview: 1920, rural Ireland. Anglo-Irish twins Rachel and Edward share a strange existence in their crumbling family estate. Each night, the property becomes the domain of a sinister presence (The Lodgers) which enforces three rules upon the twins: they must be in bed by midnight; they may not permit an outsider past the threshold; and if one attempts to escape, the life of the other is placed in jeopardy. When troubled war veteran Sean returns to the nearby village, he is immediately drawn to the mysterious Rachel, who in turn begins to break the rules set out by The Lodgers. The consequences pull Rachel into a deadly confrontation with her brother - and with the curse that haunts them.
Title: The Box | Genres: thriller, science fiction | Overview: Norma and Arthur Lewis, a suburban couple with a young child, receive a simple wooden box as a gift, which bears fatal and irrevocable consequences. A mysterious stranger delivers the message that the box promises to bestow upon its owner $1 million with the press of a button. However pressing this button will simultaneously cause the death of another human being somewhere in the world; someone they don't know. With just 24 hours to have the box in their possession, Norma and Arthur find themselves in the cross-hairs of a startling moral dilemma and must face the true nature of their humanity.
Title: Bartok the Magnificent | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Russia is being terrorized by an evil witch known as Baba Yaga; the only one who is not afraid of her is Bartok the Magnificent. Bartok, an albino bat, has just arrived in Moscow and is impressing everyone with his performances, including Prince Ivan Romanov. However, one person is not impressed; Ludmilla finds Bartok annoying and naive. After Bartok's show, a violent bear suddenly attacks. Bartok must save everyone by stunning the bear with dust and then knocks him over and traps him in a wagon.
Title: Tom and Jerry Meet Sherlock Holmes | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: Tom and Jerry need to learn to work together in order to help Sherlock Holmes with an investigation of a jewel theft. But still, they are cat and mouse!
"Title: Guinea Pig 2: Flower of Flesh and Blood | Genres: horror | Overview: A woman walking home late at night is attacked by an unknown assailant who knocks her out with chloroform. When she regains consciousness, she finds herself tied to a bed in a blood- spattered dungeon, at the mercy of a white-faced man in a samurai helmet who wants to turn her into a ""flower of blood and flesh."" He then proceeds to slowly dismember and disembowel her as the camera records it all."
Title: The Young Girls of Rochefort | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: Delphine and Solange are two sisters living in Rochefort. Delphine is a dancing teacher and Solange composes and teaches the piano. Maxence is a poet and a painter. He is doing his military service. Simon owns a music shop, he left Paris one month ago to come back where he fell in love 10 years ago. They are looking for love, looking for each other, without being aware that their ideal partner is very close...
Title: In My Father's Garden | Genres: drama | Overview: The story of a loving man and father who falls under the influence of an extremely orthodox Protestant sect. He sacrifices everything and everyone to this faith, including his business and the respect of his younger son. However, he never loses the love of his wife.
Title: The Incident | Genres: thriller, science fiction, horror | Overview: Two parallel stories about people trapped in illogical endless spaces: two brothers and a detective locked on an infinite staircase, and a family locked on an infinite road... for over 35 years.
Title: Go! The Unforgettable Party | Genres: music, family | Overview: Mia is happy to be able to spend a vacation with her dad, but Lupe, Mercedes, Juanma and Alvaro arrive by surprise at the same resort ... and bring the school drama with them!
Title: El día de los albañiles: Los maistros del amor | Genres: comedy | Overview: If you have even the slightest interest in latsploitation, it’s only a matter of time before you come across El Día de los Albañiles (The Day of the Bricklayers). Released in 1984, this film embodies everything that was “wrong” with Mexican cinema in the 1980s. However, the film managed to become somewhat popular and was followed by three sequels, titled more or less the same, in 1985, 1987 and 1990.
Title: Supercool | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: Best friends, Neil and Gilbert start their senior year of high school with high hopes and aspirations. Neil has always fantasized about being cool enough to date his long time crush and Gilbert has always dreamed of being a social media super star. After what is, by all accounts, a very disappointing and embarrassing first day in school, Neil makes a magical wish to be cool just at the magical moment when the clock strikes 11:11. The next morning, Neil wakes up to a reality that is straight from the comics of his dreams.
Title: The Bélier Family | Genres: comedy, music | Overview: The whole Bélier family is deaf, except for sixteen year old Paula who is the important translator in her parents' day to day life especially when it comes to matters concerning the family farm. When her music teacher discovers she has a fantastic singing voice and she gets an opportunity to enter a big Radio France contest the whole family's future is set up for big changes.
Title: Sliding Doors | Genres: comedy, drama, fantasy, romance | Overview: London publicist Helen, effortlessly slides between parallel storylines that show what happens when she does or does not catch a train back to her apartment. Love. Romantic entanglements. Deception. Trust. Friendship. Comedy. All come into focus as the two stories shift back and forth, overlap and surprisingly converge.
Title: Cloud 9 | Genres: family, action, drama, romance, tv movie | Overview: Set high atop snow-capped mountains in the adrenaline-fueled world of competitive snowboarding, the Disney Channel Original Movie “Cloud 9″ tells the inspiring story of two snowboarders who must overcome self-doubt to learn that achieving their dreams is possible.
Title: Hello, My Name Is Doris | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A self-help seminar inspires a sixty-something woman to romantically pursue her younger co-worker.
Title: Jersey Girl | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: Ollie Trinke is a young, suave music publicist who seems to have it all, with a new wife and a baby on the way. But life deals him a bum hand when he's suddenly faced with single fatherhood, a defunct career and having to move in with his father. To bounce back, it takes a new love and the courage instilled in him by his daughter.
Title: Where Hands Touch | Genres: war, drama, romance | Overview: Germany, 1944. Leyna, the 15-year old daughter of a white German mother and a black African father, meets Lutz, a compassionate member of the Hitler Youth whose father is a prominent Nazi soldier, and they form an unlikely connection in this quickly changing world.
Title: The Hunchback of Notre Dame | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Paris, 1482. Today is the festival of the fools, taking place like each year in the square outside Cathedral Notre Dame. Among jugglers and other entertainers, Esmeralda, a sensuous gypsy, performs a bewitching dance in front of delighted spectators. From up in a tower of the cathedral, Frollo, an alchemist, gazes at her lustfully. Later in the night, Frollo orders Quasimodo, the deformed bell ringer and his faithful servant, to kidnap Esmeralda. But when the ugly freak comes close to her is touched by the young woman's beauty...
Title: Sister's Younger Husband | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A sexy brother-in-law approached her? And he’s a younger man? Mi-yeon, who was adopted into her family when she was little, is living with her older sister, Si-yeon and Si-yeon’s husband. Mi-yeon’s desire towards her brother-in-law grows more and more every night when she gets to watch the affectionate interaction between her older sister and the brother-in-law. One day, Mi-yeon seduces her brother-in-law and the two end up crossing the line when they should not have. As the situation goes on, Mi-yeon finds out her older sister is also having affairs outside the marriage. Mi-yeon tries to clear up the relationship with her brother-in-law out of guilty feeling. However, she hears something shocking from the brother-in-law.
Title: Muriel's Wedding | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A young social outcast in Australia steals money from her parents to finance a vacation where she hopes to find happiness, and perhaps love.
Title: Hollywood Homicide | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, thriller | Overview: Joe Gavilan and his new partner K. C. Calden, are detectives on the beat in Tinseltown. Neither one of them really wants to be a cop, Gavilan moonlights as a real estate broker, and Calden is an aspiring actor moonlighting as a yoga instructor. When the two are assigned a big case they must work out whether they want to solve the case or follow their hearts.
Title: A Long Way Down | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Four lost souls—a disgraced TV presenter, a foul-mouthed teen, an isolated single mother and a solipsistic muso—decide to end their lives on the same night, New Year's Eve. When this disillusioned quartet of strangers meet unintentionally at the same suicide hotspot, a London high-rise with the well-earned nickname Topper's Tower, they mutually agree to call off their plans for six weeks, forming an unconventional, dysfunctional family and becoming media sensations as the Topper House Four and searching together for the reasons to keep on living.
Title: My Awkward Sexual Adventure | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A hyper-repressed and schlubby accountant (Jonas Chernick) strikes a deal with a worldly but disorganized stripper (Emily Hampshire): he'll help her with her crushing debt if she helps him become a better lover.
Title: Paradise | Genres: romance, adventure | Overview: After their caravan is attacked and their respective families butchered by Arab marauders, teenagers David and Sarah flee across the desert. But the desert is filled with danger from the elements, animals and the unwholesome appetite of the Jackal, a sheik who wants Sarah for himself. However, the desert also holds temptation and love. David and Sarah hide out in an oasis and build a life for themselves, discovering each other in new ways.
Title: Tekkonkinkreet | Genres: action, adventure, animation | Overview: Two penniless orphans, Black and White, struggle to survive on the mean streets of Treasure Town. When a megacorporation threatens to tear down the town to build an amusement park, Black and White engage in the fight of their life.
Title: Madame Bovary | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Bored with the limited and tedious nature of provincial life in 19th-century France, the fierce and sensual Emma Bovary finds herself in calamitous debt and purses scandalous sexual liaisons with absolute abandon. However, when her volatile lifestyle catches up to her, the lives of everyone around her are endangered.
Title: Strangers on a Train | Genres: crime, thriller, mystery | Overview: A deranged socialite accosts a tennis star with his theory that if two strangers trade murders, they can disguise their motives and avoid suspicion.
Title: Soul Man | Genres: comedy | Overview: A caucasian prospective grad student's affluent family won't pay his way through law school, so he takes tanning pills to darken his skin in order to qualify for an African-American scholarship at Harvard. He soon gets more than he bargained for, as he begins to learn what life is really like for blacks in America.
"Title: Ride or Die | Genres: crime, drama, romance | Overview: Ashley, a fierce friend to Mandy, takes the phrase ""hurt my friend and I'll kill you"" to the extreme. As the bodies stack up, her mistakes haunt her as Mandy tries to dig up old wounds."
Title: Daughter of the Wolf | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Ex-military specialist Clair Hamilton returns home from her tour in the Middle East due to her father's passing and to claim her inheritance. Her son is then kidnapped and held for ransom by a gang led by a mysterious figure known only as “Father”.
Title: Going Overboard | Genres: comedy | Overview: A struggling young comedian takes a menial job on a cruise ship where he hopes for his big chance to make it in the world of cruise ship comedy.
Title: Notorious | Genres: thriller, romance, mystery | Overview: In order to help bring Nazis to justice, U.S. government agent T.R. Devlin recruits Alicia Huberman, the American daughter of a convicted German war criminal, as a spy. As they begin to fall for one another, Alicia is instructed to win the affections of Alexander Sebastian, a Nazi hiding out in Brazil. When Sebastian becomes serious about his relationship with Alicia, the stakes get higher, and Devlin must watch her slip further undercover.
"Title: Inside Deep Throat | Genres: history, documentary | Overview: In 1972, a seemingly typical shoestring budget pornographic film was made in a Florida hotel, ""Deep Throat,"" starring Linda Lovelace. This film would surpass the wildest expectation of everyone involved to become one of the most successful independent films of all time. It caught the public imagination which met the spirit of the times, even as the self appointed guardians of public morality struggled to suppress it, and created, for a brief moment, a possible future where sexuality in film had a bold artistic potential. This film covers the story of the making of this controversial film, its stunning success, its hysterical opposition along with its dark side of mob influence and allegations of the on set mistreatment of the film's star."
Title: The Best Man Holiday | Genres: comedy | Overview: When college friends reunite after 15 years over the Christmas holidays, they discover just how easy it is for long-forgotten rivalries and romances to be reignited.
Title: Wishmaster | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: The Djinn having been released from his ancient prison seeks to capture the soul of the woman who discovered him, thereby opening a portal and freeing his fellow Djinn to take over the earth.
"Title: Shippū! Konoha Gakuen Den! | Genres: animation | Overview: In a Naruto Shippûden Alternate Universe, Sakura, Hinata and Ino tell the story of the new student in the prestigious academy ""Honoha Gakuen"", Naruto Uzumaki, whose dream is to become the leader of all the Yakuza gangs in the country."
Title: My Darling Clementine | Genres: western | Overview: Wyatt Earp and his brothers Morgan and Virgil ride into Tombstone and leave brother James in charge of their cattle herd. On their return they find their cattle stolen and James dead. Wyatt takes on the job of town marshal, making his brothers deputies, and vows to stay in Tombstone until James' killers are found. He soon runs into the brooding, coughing, hard-drinking Doc Holliday as well as the sullen and vicious Clanton clan. Wyatt discovers the owner of a trinket stolen from James' dead body and the stage is set for the Earps' long-awaited revenge.
Title: Half Light | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: Rachel Carson, a best-selling crime novelist, is devastated and filled with guilt over the accidental death of her son. Hoping that a change of scenery will help alleviate her suffering, she leaves her home in the city and moves into a vacant country house owned by a friend and begins a relationship with charming local Angus. But, just as her life is taking a turn for the better, Rachel realizes she's being romanced by a ghost, leading her to doubt her own sanity.
Title: Three Months | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Caleb, a gay teenager from Miami, is exposed to HIV the weekend of his high school graduation. Unsure of his future, he starts a new relationship with someone from his support group as he waits the three months it takes to get tested.
Title: Cherry Falls | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: Cherry Falls is a quiet little town - until the night that a serial killer begins preying on its youth. After a third teen is found slain, the killer's modus operandi emerges: the victims were all virgins. Sheriff Marken is concerned for the safety of the teens in general and in particular his own daughter Jody, who is still a virgin...
Title: Robinson Crusoe | Genres: action, adventure, drama | Overview: Robinson Crusoe flees Britain on a ship after killing his friend over the love of Mary. A fierce ocean storm wrecks his ship and leaves him stranded by himself on an uncharted island. Left to fend for himself, Crusoe seeks out a tentative survival on the island, until he meets Friday, a tribesman whom he saves from being sacrificed. Initially, Crusoe is thrilled to finally have a friend, but he has to defend himself against the tribe who uses the island to sacrifice tribesman to their gods. During time their relationship changes from master-slave to a mutual respected friendship despite their difference in culture and religion.
Title: The Life and Death of Peter Sellers | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: The turbulent personal and professional life of actor Peter Sellers (1925-1980), from his beginnings as a comic performer on BBC Radio to his huge success as one of the greatest film comedians of all time; an obsessive artist so dedicated to his work that neglected his loved ones and sacrificed part of his own personality to convincingly create that of his many memorable characters.
Title: Guess Who's Coming to Dinner | Genres: drama | Overview: A couple's attitudes are challenged when their daughter brings home a fiancé who is black.
Title: SPL II: A Time for Consequences | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: A Hong Kong cop named Kit busts a major gangster only to find his cover blown and his main witness gone. The gangster, in retaliation, has him kidnapped and put in a Thai jail with a false criminal identity. A lowly prison guard Chai with extraordinary fighting skills guards kit and prevents his escape from prison. The prison guard’s daughter suffers from a rare form of leukemia and Kit is the only donor who can save her. The prison guard discovers Kit’s real identity and helps him to escape in return for his agreeing to save his daughter. Together, Kit and Chai must face the gangster and his minions and take them down.
Title: 102 Dalmatians | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: Get ready for a howling good time as an all new assortment of irresistible animal heroes are unleashed in this great family tail! In an unlikely alliance, the outrageous Waddlesworth - a parrot who thinks he's a Rottweiler - teams up with Oddball - an un-marked Dalmatian puppy eager to earn her spots! Together they embark on a laugh-packed quest to outwit the ever-scheming Cruella De Vil.
Title: Ma Rainey's Black Bottom | Genres: drama, music | Overview: Tensions rise when the trailblazing Mother of the Blues and her band gather at a Chicago recording studio in 1927. Adapted from August Wilson's play.
Title: Saint Maud | Genres: drama, horror, mystery | Overview: Having recently found God, self-effacing young nurse Maud arrives at a plush home to care for Amanda, a hedonistic dancer left frail from a chronic illness. When a chance encounter with a former colleague throws up hints of a dark past, it becomes clear there is more to sweet Maud than meets the eye.
Title: Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close | Genres: drama | Overview: A year after his father's death, Oskar, a troubled young boy, discovers a mysterious key he believes was left for him by his father and embarks on a scavenger hunt to find the matching lock.
Title: The Legend of Halloween Jack | Genres: horror | Overview: On Halloween night, a serial killer returns from the dead to take revenge on the vigilantes who put him to death one year earlier.
"Title: The Wedding Unplanner | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Marina is a woman in her thirties who works organizing weddings. Not because she is an inveterate romantic just because, as she says, ""when people are in love, they don't care about money"". Unlike her customers, she enjoys a life without ties or commitments, until the moment when she falls in love with Carlos. The problem is not only he is about to get married, but also his fiancee is Marina's childhood friend and they have hired her as their Wedding Planner."
Title: xxxHOLiC The Movie: A Midsummer Night's Dream | Genres: animation, comedy, drama, mystery, fantasy | Overview: Invited to a wealthy client's mansion, time-traveling witch Yuko and her companions arrive to find a group of collectors assembled to participate in a mysterious auction. And the mystery only deepens when the collectors go missing one by one. As more guests disappear and strange occurrences abound, Yuko and her friends realize they must solve the mystery before they vanish as well.
Title: The Shadow Effect | Genres: science fiction, action, thriller | Overview: A young man's life is turned upside down when his violent dreams begin to blend with reality.
Title: Pay the Ghost | Genres: horror | Overview: One year after his young son disappeared during a Halloween carnival, Mike Cole is haunted by eerie images and terrifying messages he can’t explain. Together with his estranged wife, he will stop at nothing to unravel the mystery and find their son—and, in doing so, he unearths a legend that refuses to remain buried in the past.
Title: Sorority Row | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: When five sorority girls inadvertently cause the murder of one of their sisters in a prank gone wrong, they agree to keep the matter to themselves and never speak of it again, so they can get on with their lives. This proves easier said than done, when after graduation a mysterious killer goes after the five of them and anyone who knows their secret.
Title: Normal | Genres: drama | Overview: A deadly car accident brings together a group of previously unrelated people, each of whom is forced to deal with the emotional fallout.
Title: T2 Trainspotting | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: After 20 years abroad, Mark Renton returns to Scotland and reunites with his old friends Sick Boy, Spud and Begbie.
Title: Jobs | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The story of Steve Jobs' ascension from college dropout into one of the most revered creative entrepreneurs of the 20th century.
Title: The Secret Garden | Genres: drama, family, fantasy | Overview: A young British girl born and reared in India loses her neglectful parents in an earthquake. She is returned to England to live at her uncle's castle. Her uncle is very distant due to the loss of his wife ten years before. Neglected once again, she begins exploring the estate and discovers a garden that has been locked and neglected. Aided by one of the servants' boys, she begins restoring the garden, and eventually discovers some other secrets of the manor.
Title: The Fan | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: When the San Francisco Giants pay center-fielder, Bobby Rayburn $40 million to lead their team to the World Series, no one is happier or more supportive than #1 fan, Gil Renard. When Rayburn becomes mired in the worst slump of his career, the obsessed Renard decides to stop at nothing to help his idol regain his former glory—not even murder.
Title: The Dilemma | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Longtime friends Ronny and Nick are partners in an auto-design firm. They are hard at work on a presentation for a dream project that would really launch their company. Then Ronny spots Nick's wife out with another man, and in the process of investigating the possible affair, he learns that Nick has a few secrets of his own. As the presentation nears, Ronny agonizes over what might happen if the truth gets out.
Title: Edge of Winter | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: When two brothers are stranded by a brutal winter storm with an unpredictable father they barely know, the boys begin to suspect their supposed protector may be their biggest threat.
Title: Big Business | Genres: comedy | Overview: In the 1940s in the small town of Jupiter Hollow, two sets of identical twins are born in the same hospital on the same night. One set to a poor local family and the other to a rich family just passing through. The dizzy nurse on duty accidentally mixes the twins unbeknown to the parents. Our story flashes forward to the 1980s where the mismatched sets of twins are about to cross paths.
Title: Son of a Rich | Genres: comedy | Overview: Born into an oligarch family, Grigory is so spoiled that he thinks he is above the law. When he goes too far with his escapades and faces a jail sentence, his father takes measures. With the help of a friend he plans to ‘rehabilitate’ his son. They reconstruct an abandoned village, 19th century style. Soon after that, Grigory gets into an arranged car accident and “goes back in time” reincarnated as a serf. All the people he meets there are actors. There are hidden cameras everywhere, and a team of psychologists watches Grigory. He will have to learn how to appreciate life and to work hard.
Title: Zapped | Genres: tv movie, comedy, family | Overview: Zoey is a talented dancer whose organized life is rudely disrupted when she moves in with her new step-dad and three step-brothers, until she discovers a dog-training app that can get boys to obey her every command. But she soon learns that it isn't the cure-all she had hoped for.
Title: Ran | Genres: action, drama, history | Overview: With Ran, legendary director Akira Kurosawa reimagines Shakespeare's King Lear as a singular historical epic set in sixteenth-century Japan. Majestic in scope, the film is Kurosawa's late-life masterpiece, a profound examination of the folly of war and the crumbling of one family under the weight of betrayal, greed, and the insatiable thirst for power.
Title: Space Chimps | Genres: animation, family, adventure, comedy, science fiction | Overview: Three chimps are sent into space to explore the possibility of alien life when an unmanned space shuttle crash lands on an uncharted planet.
Title: Little Man Tate | Genres: drama, family | Overview: Dede is a sole parent trying to bring up her son Fred. When it is discovered that Fred is a genius, she is determined to ensure that Fred has all the opportunities that he needs, and that he is not taken advantage of by people who forget that his extremely powerful intellect is harboured in the body and emotions of a child.
Title: Like Father, Like Son | Genres: drama | Overview: Ryota Nonomiya is a successful businessman driven by money. He learns that his biological son was switched with another child after birth. He must make a life-changing decision and choose his true son or the boy he raised as his own.
Title: Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill! | Genres: action, crime, comedy | Overview: Three strippers seeking thrills encounter a young couple in the desert. After dispatching the boyfriend, they take the girl hostage and begin scheming on a crippled old man living with his two sons in the desert, reputedly hiding a tidy sum of cash. They become house guests of the old man and try and seduce the sons in an attempt to locate the money, not realizing that the old man has a few sinister intentions of his own.
Title: Fallen | Genres: crime, drama, action, thriller, horror | Overview: Homicide detective John Hobbes witnesses the execution of serial killer Edgar Reese. Soon after the execution the killings start again, and they are very similar to Reese's style.
Title: School Life | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: The daily life of a school located in Saint Denis.
Title: Donkey X | Genres: family, adventure, animation | Overview: The donkey, Rucio, tells the true story of Don Quixote and defends the idea that he wasn't insane, but a very intelligent, passionate and enthusiastic fellow.
Title: Richie Rich's Christmas Wish | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: After getting blamed for spoiling Christmas, the richest kid in the world wishes he'd never been born. Unfortunately, a wishing machine, invented by professor Keenbean, picked up the wish and made it come true. Now Richie finds himself in a parallel world where his only hope is to find professor Keenbean and the wishing machine so he can wish things back to normal. Written by Peter Huiskes
Title: Lebanon | Genres: drama, war | Overview: During the First Lebanon War in 1982, a lone tank and a paratroopers platoon are dispatched to search a hostile town.
Title: Lakeview Terrace | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: A young interracial couple has just moved into their California dream home when they become the target of their next-door neighbor, who disapproves of their relationship. A tightly wound LAPD officer has appointed himself the watchdog of the neighborhood. His nightly foot patrols and overly watchful eyes bring comfort to some, but he becomes increasingly aggressive to the newlyweds. These persistent intrusions into their lives cause the couple to fight back.
Title: The Perfect Man | Genres: comedy, drama, family, romance | Overview: Holly is tired of moving every time her mom Jean breaks up with yet another second-rate guy. To distract her mother from her latest bad choice, Holly conceives the perfect plan for the perfect man, an imaginary secret admirer who will romance Jean and boost her self-esteem.
Title: The Tall Blond Man with One Black Shoe | Genres: comedy, mystery | Overview: Hapless orchestra player becomes an unwitting pawn of rival factions within the French secret service after he is chosen as a decoy by being identified as a super secret agent.
Title: No Escape | Genres: action, drama, science fiction, thriller | Overview: In the year 2022, a ruthless prison warden has created the ultimate solution for his most troublesome and violent inmates: Absolom, a secret jungle island where prisoners are abandoned and left to die. But Marine Captain John Robbins, convicted of murdering a commanding officer, is determined to escape the island in order to reveal the truth behind his murderous actions and clear his name.
Title: The Clique | Genres: comedy, drama, family | Overview: A young girl tries to fit in with a clique of popular middle school girls after moving into the guest house of one of their homes.
Title: The Beauty Inside | Genres: fantasy, romance | Overview: Woo-Jin changes into a different person when he wakes up. He falls in love with Yi-Soo.
Title: Beasts of No Nation | Genres: drama, war | Overview: Based on the experiences of Agu, a child fighting in the civil war of an unnamed, fictional West African country. Follows Agu's journey as he's forced to join a group of soldiers. While he fears his commander and many of the men around him, his fledgling childhood has been brutally shattered by the war raging through his country, and he is at first torn between conflicting revulsion and fascination.
Title: From Here to Eternity | Genres: war, romance, drama | Overview: In 1941 Hawaii, a private is cruelly punished for not boxing on his unit's team, while his captain's wife and second in command are falling in love.
Title: Good Luck Charlie, It's Christmas! | Genres: tv movie, comedy, family | Overview: Teddy Duncan's middle-class family embarks on a road trip from their home in Denver to visit Mrs. Duncans Parents, the Blankenhoopers, in Palm Springs. When they find themselves stranded between Denver and Utah, they try to hitch a ride to Las Vegas with a seemingly normal older couple in a station wagon from Roswell, New Mexico. It turns out that the couple believes they are the victims of alien abduction. The Duncan's must resort to purchasing a clunker Yugo to get to Utah, have their luggage stolen in Las Vegas, and survive a zany Christmas with Grandpa and Grandma Blankenhooper.
Title: Mirror | Genres: drama, history | Overview: A dying man in his forties recalls his childhood, his mother, the war and personal moments that tell of and juxtapose pivotal moments in Soviet history with daily life.
Title: Blood Brother | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Blood Brother takes place on he mean streets of a city in decay, where a recently released convict begins to take a murderous revenge against his childhood friends, whom he believes let him take the fall for a crime they collectively committed. As the bodies start piling up, one of the friends, now a cop, will stop at nothing to put and end to the murderous rampage and to right the many wrongs of their tragically violent past.
Title: Edge of Darkness | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: As a seasoned homicide detective, Thomas Craven has seen the bleakest side of humanity. But nothing prepares him for the toughest investigation of his life: the search for his only daughter Emma's killer. Now, he is on a personal mission to uncover the disturbing secrets surrounding her murder, including corporate corruption, government collusion and Emma's own mysterious life.
Title: Mektoub, My Love: Canto Uno | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Amin, an aspiring screenwriter living in Paris, returns home for the summer, to a fishing village in the South of France. It is a time of reconnecting with his family and his childhood friends. Together with his cousin Tony and his best friend Ophélie, he spends his time between the Tunisian restaurant run by his parents, the local bars and the beaches frequented by girls on holiday. Enchanted by the many female characters who surround him, Amin remains in awe of these summer sirens while his dionysiac cousin throws himself into their carnal delights with euphoria. Armed with his camera and guided by the bright simmer light of the Mediterranean coast, Amin pursues his philosophical quest while gathering inspiration for his screenplays. When it comes to love, only Mektoub (‘destiny' in Arabic) can decide.
Title: The Damned | Genres: war, drama | Overview: In the early days of Nazi Germany, a powerful noble family must adjust to life under the new dictatorship regime.
Title: Dreamgirls | Genres: drama, music | Overview: Three young women dream of becoming pop stars—and get their wish when they're chosen to be backup singers for the legendary James 'Thunder' Early.
Title: Little Giants | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: When Danny O'Shea's daughter is cut from the Peewee football team just for being a girl, he decides to form his own team, composed of other ragtag players who were also cut. Can his team really learn enough to beat the elite team, coached by his brother, a former pro player?
Title: Inspector Gadget 2 | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: After capturing Claw, all the criminals have gone into hiding until, Claw escapes! Gadget thinks he will get the case, but everyone else has other planes. A new version of the Gadget project is unveiled in the form of G2. Strict orders are given for Gadget to stay away from G2 and every crime scene, but Gadget feels he is needed more than anyone.
Title: The Traitor | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: Palermo, Sicily, 1980. Mafia member Tommaso Buscetta decides to move to Brazil with his family fleeing the constant war between the different clans of the criminal organization. But when, after living several misfortunes, he is forced to return to Italy, he makes a bold decision that will change his life and the destiny of Cosa Nostra forever.
Title: Power Rangers Samurai: Clash of the Red Rangers - The Movie | Genres: action, comedy, science fiction | Overview: The Samurai Rangers team up with the mysterious RPM Ranger Red to fight off Master Xandred's Mooger army and a robotic supervillain from the RPM Ranger's dimension. But when both Red Rangers get struck with hypnobolts, they turn against one another.
Title: All About Lily Chou-Chou | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Charts the troubled teenage years of students Yūichi Hasumi and Shūsuke Hoshino, exploring the shifting and complex power dynamics of their relationship against the backdrop of Yūichi's love for the dreamy and abstract music of fictional pop star Lily Chou-Chou.
Title: From Beyond | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: A group of scientists have developed the Resonator, a machine which allows whoever is within range to see beyond normal perceptible reality. But when the experiment succeeds, they are immediately attacked by terrible life forms.
Title: The Resident | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: Juliet, a beautiful doctor, has found the perfect New York apartment to start a new life after separating from her husband. It's got spacious rooms, a spectacular view, and a handy, handsome landlord. But there are secrets behind every wall and terror in every room as Juliet gets the unnerving feeling that she is not alone.
Title: Palm Swings | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: After moving to Palm Springs, a young married couple puts their love to the test when they discover that their neighbors are swingers.
Title: Sex School: Student Bodies | Genres: comedy | Overview: The semester has barely begun, and already the students of the Camella Swales School For Girls are bucking for extra credit. The race is on to the head fo the class, and these girls are nothing if they aren't fast. Whether studying alone or with a friend, our ladies know just how to prep for an exam. No matter if it's a Femistry quiz or a Galgebra mid term, these busy beavers cum achievers will make Herstory. So check out our student body, and you might learn a thing or two at Sex School: where the boys aren't!
Title: Lord of the Flies | Genres: thriller, adventure, drama | Overview: Amidst a nuclear war, a plane carrying a group of schoolboys crash lands on a deserted island. With no adult survivors, the boys are forced to fend for themselves. At first they cooperate, but when the they split into two separate camps -- one led by the pragmatic Ralph and the other by militaristic Jack -- their society falls into disarray, leading to a disturbing examination of human nature and a chilling conclusion.
Title: Thirteen | Genres: drama | Overview: Tracy is a normal 13-year-old trying to make it in school. After befriending the most popular girl at school, Evie, Tracy's world is turned upside down when Evie introduces her to a world of sex, drugs and cash. But it isn't long before Tracy's new world and attitude finally takes a toll on her, her family, and old friends.
Title: Lake Mungo | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: After 16-year-old Alice Palmer drowns in a local dam, her family experiences a series of strange, inexplicable events centred in and around their home. Unsettled, the Palmers seek the help of psychic and parapsychologist, who discovers that Alice led a secret, double life. At Lake Mungo, Alice's secret past emerges.
Title: Never Rarely Sometimes Always | Genres: drama | Overview: A pair of teenage girls in rural Pennsylvania travel to New York City to seek out medical help after an unintended pregnancy.
Title: Miracle on 34th Street | Genres: fantasy, drama, family | Overview: Six-year-old Susan Walker has doubts about childhood's most enduring miracle—Santa Claus. Her mother told her the secret about Santa a long time ago, but, after meeting a special department store Santa who's convinced he's the real thing, Susan is given the most precious gift of all—something to believe in.
Title: Compulsion | Genres: thriller, horror, fantasy | Overview: Sadie—a young female novelist—and an enigmatic woman named Francesca, are enticed by an ex-lover to join him at his Italian villa for a weekend celebration being held to honor the release of Sadie's latest book. Once there, Sadie begins to fear his true intentions as she and Francesca become embroiled in a dangerous game of moral and sexual discovery.
Title: The Relic | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: A homicide detective teams up with an evolutionary biologist to hunt a giant creature that is killing people in a Chicago museum.
Title: Hart's War | Genres: drama, war | Overview: Fourth-generation Army Col. William McNamara is imprisoned in a brutal German POW camp. Still, as the senior-ranking American officer, he commands his fellow inmates, keeping a sense of honor alive in a place where honor is easy to destroy, all under the dangerous eye of the Luftwafe vetran Col. Wilhelm Visser. Never giving up the fight to win the war, McNamara is silently planning, waiting for his moment to strike back at the enemy. A murder in the camp gives him the chance to set a risky plan in motion. With a court martial to keep Visser and the Germans distracted, McNamara orchestrates a cunning scheme to escape and destroy a nearby munitions plant, enlisting the unwitting help of young Lt. Tommy Hart. Together with his men, McNamara uses a hero's resolve to carry out his mission, ultimately forced to weigh the value of his life against the good of his country.
Title: Gung Ho | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: When a western Pennsylvania auto plant is acquired by a Japanese company, brokering auto worker Hunt Stevenson faces the tricky challenge of mediating the assimilation of two clashing corporate cultures. At one end is the Japanese plant manager and the sycophant who is angling for his position. At the other, a number of disgruntled long-time union members struggle with the new exigencies of Japanese quality control.
Title: Dark Crimes | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Tadek, a Polish detective, becomes suspicious of a controversial author when the incidents described in his unpublished novel resemble the inner workings of an unsolved murder.
Title: Sam | Genres: comedy, fantasy, romance | Overview: An alpha New York City male is magically transformed into a beautiful girl, falls in love, and learns what it means to be a woman.
Title: Heaven & Earth | Genres: history, war, action, drama | Overview: Le Ly lives in a small Vietnamese village whose serenity is shattered when war breaks out. Caught between the Viet Cong and the South Vietnamese army, the village is all but destroyed. After being both brutalized and raped, Le Ly resolves to flee. She leaves for the city, surviving desperate situations, but surviving nonetheless. Eventually she meets a U.S. Marine named Steve Butler who treats her kindly and tells her he would like to be married -- maybe to her.
Title: Yamakasi | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: Yamakasi - Les samouraïs des temps modernes is a 2001 French movie written by Luc Besson. It demonstrates the skills of the Yamakasi, a group of traceurs who battle against injustice in the Paris ghetto. They use parkour to steal from the rich in order to pay off medical bills for a kid injured copying their techniques.
Title: The Lost Weekend | Genres: drama | Overview: Don Birnam, a long-time alcoholic, has been sober for ten days and appears to be over the worst... but his craving has just become more insidious. Evading a country weekend planned by his brother and girlfriend, he begins a four-day bender that just might be his last - one way or another.
Title: The Snowman | Genres: adventure, animation, family, fantasy | Overview: A young boy makes a snowman one Christmas Eve, which comes to life at midnight and takes him on a magical adventure to the North Pole to meet Santa Claus.
Title: After Hours | Genres: comedy, thriller, drama | Overview: An ordinary word processor has the worst night of his life after he agrees to visit a girl in Soho whom he met that evening at a coffee shop.
Title: The Mummy | Genres: horror | Overview: An ancient Egyptian priest named Imhotep is revived when an archaeological expedition finds his mummy and one of the archaeologists accidentally reads an ancient life-giving spell. Imhotep escapes from the field site and searches for the reincarnation of the soul of his lover.
Title: Bloody Hell | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: A man with a mysterious past flees the country to escape his own personal hell... only to arrive somewhere much worse. In an effort to survive this new horror, he turns to his personified conscience.
Title: The Kid | Genres: western, drama | Overview: New Mexico Territory, 1880. Rio Cutler and his older sister Sara must abandon their home after an unfortunate event happens. In their desperate flee to Santa Fe, they cross paths with the infamous outlaw Billy the Kid and his gang, who are ruthlessly pursued by a posse led by Sheriff Pat Garret.
Title: Avatar Spirits | Genres: documentary | Overview: Bryan Konietzko and Michael Dante DiMartino, co-creators of the hit television series, Avatar: The Last Airbender, reflect on the creation of the masterful series.
Title: Bicycle Thieves | Genres: drama | Overview: A working man's livelihood is threatened when someone steals his bicycle.
Title: Seven Deadly Sins: Envy | Genres: drama | Overview: Gabrielle seems to have it all - a devoted husband, a beautiful daughter, and a successful career in public relations. However, she soon stands to lose everything when she meets Keisha, her devious half sister who wants everything Gabrielle has.
Title: Blades of Glory | Genres: comedy | Overview: When a much-publicized ice-skating scandal strips them of their gold medals, two world-class athletes skirt their way back onto the ice via a loophole that allows them to compete together as a pairs team.
Title: That Thing You Do! | Genres: comedy, drama, romance, music | Overview: A Pennsylvania band scores a hit in 1964 and rides the star-making machinery as long as it can, with lots of help from its manager.
Title: Hoax | Genres: horror | Overview: An investigation into a camping trip gone wrong turns into a fight for survival when a team, including a brilliant primate specialist and led by a ruthless television producer, must come to grips with the possible existence of Bigfoot.
Title: Whitney | Genres: music, documentary | Overview: Filmmaker Kevin Macdonald examines the life and career of singer Whitney Houston. Features never-before-seen archival footage, exclusive recordings, rare performances and interviews with the people who knew her best.
Title: Café Society | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: The story of a young man who arrives in Hollywood during the 1930s hoping to work in the film industry, falls in love, and finds himself swept up in the vibrant café society that defined the spirit of the age.
"Title: Suburra | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A gangster known as ""Samurai"" wants to turn the waterfront of Rome into a new Las Vegas. All the local mob bosses have agreed to work for this common goal. But peace is not to last long."
Title: My Perfect Romance | Genres: romance, tv movie | Overview: Newly appointed CEO of Robinson Tech, Wes Robinson, is looking for new ideas to boost the company's sales. Vivian Blair, a program developer, shares a dating algorithm she has been working on called My Perfect Match. Wes sees potential and an opportunity to turn the company around and launches the service. When the pair is challenged to use My Perfect Match themselves to find love, this algorithm shows some interesting results.
Title: Creep 2 | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: After finding an ad online for “video work,” Sara, a video artist whose primary focus is creating intimacy with lonely men, thinks she may have found the subject of her dreams. She drives to a remote house in the forest and meets a man claiming to be a serial killer. Unable to resist the chance to create a truly shocking piece of art, she agrees to spend the day with him. However, as the day goes on, she discovers she may have dug herself into a hole from which she can’t escape.
Title: Two Women | Genres: drama, war | Overview: Widowed shopkeeper Cesira and her 13-year-old daughter Rosetta flee from the allied bombs in Rome during the second World War; they travel to the remote village where Cesira was born. During their journey and in the village and onward, the mother does everything she can to protect Rosetta. Meanwhile, a sensitive young intellectual, Michele, falls in love with Cesira.
Title: Scoop | Genres: comedy, mystery | Overview: An American journalism student in London scoops a big story, and begins an affair with an aristocrat as the incident unfurls.
Title: Whatever It Takes | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: A nerdy teen, Ryan Woodman is smitten with the popular and gorgeous Ashley Grant, who apparently has no interest in him. Meanwhile, dim star athlete Chris Campbell has his eye on Ryan's brainy and beautiful friend, Maggie Carter. The two agree to help each other in their romantic quests, but, as they come closer to their goals, both Ryan and Chris suspect that they might be pursuing the wrong girls.
"Title: The Swamp | Genres: documentary | Overview: A look behind the curtain of Washington politics following three ""renegade"" Republican Congressmen as they bring libertarian and conservative zeal to champion the President’s call to “drain the swamp.”"
Title: Ace High | Genres: western, action, comedy | Overview: After Cacopoulos manages to save himself from being hung on a false charge, he robs Cat Stevens and Hutch Bessy of a lot of money and steals their horses. This results in a merry chase and Stevens and Bessy become unwilling allies in Cacopoulus' revenge against the people who deserted him and framed him to get their money back.
Title: Goodbye Christopher Robin | Genres: family, history, drama | Overview: The behind the scenes story of the life of A.A. Milne and the creation of the Winnie the Pooh stories inspired by his son Christopher Robin.
Title: The Cured | Genres: horror, drama, science fiction | Overview: What happens when the undead return to life? In a world ravaged for years by a virus that turns the infected into zombie-like cannibals, a cure is at last found and the wrenching process of reintegrating the survivors back into society begins.
"Title: The Cutting Edge: Fire & Ice | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Alexandra ""Alex"" Delgado, a pairs figure skater, found her career come to an abrupt halt after her partner (on and off the ice) became injured. As their love affair cooled, a heartbroken Alex stopped competing and turned to teaching. Enter James Van Behr the smoldering bad boy of speed skating, who has had fiery Alex in his sights as a skating partner ever since he was banned from speed skating. There aren't many girls who say no to him but she may well be the first. However, he pushes her buttons, challenging her like no one else - and her fighting spirit returns. She agrees to be his partner and they begin a grueling practice regimen fueled (and occasionally derailed) by their own tempestuous relationship, which heats up as they get closer to competition. But will their passion destroy Alex's chance to bring home the gold again?"
Title: The Divide | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: Survivors of a nuclear attack are grouped together for days in the basement of their apartment building, where fear and dwindling supplies wear away at their dynamic.
Title: The Secret | Genres: documentary | Overview: Interviews with leading authors, philosophers and scientists, with an in-depth discussion of the Law of Attraction. The audience is shown how they can learn and use 'The Secret' in their everyday lives.
Title: PlayTime | Genres: comedy | Overview: Clumsy Monsieur Hulot finds himself perplexed by the intimidating complexity of a gadget-filled Paris. He attempts to meet with a business contact but soon becomes lost. His roundabout journey parallels that of an American tourist, and as they weave through the inventive urban environment, they intermittently meet, developing an interest in one another. They eventually get together at a chaotic restaurant, along with several other quirky characters.
Title: Radio Silence | Genres: thriller, tv movie | Overview: Relationship Therapist, Dr. Jill Peterman, had the highest-rated call-in radio show when her world was pulled out from under her following the on-air suicide of a female caller named Alexis. Shaken to her core, Dr. Jill walked away from her show vowing she would never go back. That is until Stuart, the station's General Manager, pleads with her to reboot the show in an effort to bring followers back to the station. Still haunted by what happened, Jill agrees to help her friend out and believes this will be the perfect remedy to put her year-long anxiety to rest. As Jill starts to settle back into her show, mysterious call-ins start happening forcing her to believe there could be a copy-cat out there. What Jill begins to uncover is a web of secrets and lies stemming from the mysterious voice she has come to know as Alexis.
Title: Butter | Genres: comedy | Overview: An adopted girl discovers her talent for butter carving and finds herself pitted against an ambitious local woman in their Iowa town's annual contest.
Title: Used Cars | Genres: comedy | Overview: When the owner of a struggling used car lot is killed, it's up to the lot's hot-shot salesman to save the property from falling into the hands of the owner's ruthless brother and used-car rival.
"Title: Spin Out | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Billy and Lucy have grown up together in a small, close-knit Australian country town, where they form one of the town's most formidable Ute driving teams. When Billy takes one risky car stunt too far, Lucy declares she is moving to the city - sending Billy into a spin. Amid the mayhem of the town's annual ""Bachelors and Spinsters"" party, Billy only has one night to wake up to his true feelings for his best friend - or lose her forever. Spin Out is a fresh, feel-good comedy romance for the young and the young at heart."
Title: Emmanuelle: The Joys of a Woman | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Emmanuelle returns to her husband in Hong Kong and proceeds to have several extramarital affairs -- with his knowledge, of course. Her husband's lover and American guest are both very puzzled by their openness.
Title: Agora | Genres: adventure, drama, history | Overview: A historical drama set in Roman Egypt, concerning philosopher Hypatia of Alexandria and her relationship with her slave Davus, who is torn between his love for her and the possibility of gaining his freedom by joining the rising tide of Christianity.
Title: Balloon | Genres: drama, history, thriller | Overview: Two families attempt a daredevil plan to escape the GDR with a homemade hot air balloon, but it crashes just before the border. The Stasi finds traces of this attempt to escape and immediately starts investigations, while the two families are forced to build a new escape balloon. With each passing day the Stasi is closer on their heels – a nerve-wracking race against time begins.
Title: Babysitting 2 | Genres: comedy | Overview: Franck and his girlfriend Sonya, plus some of their friends go on holiday in Brazil. Franck, his friends, two girls and Sonya's grandmother leave to visit a cave, but everything goes wrong and their crazy adventures begin.
Title: Grosse Pointe Blank | Genres: action, comedy, thriller, romance | Overview: Martin Blank is a hitman for hire. When he starts to develop a conscience, he botches a couple of routine jobs. On the advice of his secretary and his psychiatrist, he decides to attend his ten-year high school reunion in Grosse Pointe, Michigan.
Title: Bobbleheads: The Movie | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: Get ready for a big shake-up when misfit bobbleheads take on trashy humans and a slobbery dog who crash their home with plans to swap a new baseball player bobblehead for a valuable one of them. With some guidance from Bobblehead Cher, they find the courage to bobble-up for an outrageous battle of wits and wobble.
Title: Take Your Pills | Genres: documentary | Overview: In a hypercompetitive world, drugs like Adderall offer students, athletes, coders and others a way to do more -- faster and better. But at what cost?
Title: Harold and Maude | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: The young Harold lives in his own world of suicide-attempts and funeral visits to avoid the misery of his current family and home environment. Harold meets an 80-year-old woman named Maude who also lives in her own world yet one in which she is having the time of her life. When the two opposites meet they realize that their differences don’t matter and they become best friends and love each other.
Title: Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping | Genres: comedy, music | Overview: When his new album fails to sell records, pop/rap superstar Conner4real goes into a major tailspin and watches his celebrity high life begin to collapse. He'll try anything to bounce back, anything except reuniting with his old rap group The Style Boyz.
Title: Bless the Child | Genres: drama, horror, thriller, crime | Overview: When Maggie's sister Jenna saddles her with an autistic newborn named Cody she touches Maggie's heart and becomes the daughter she has always longed for. But six years later Jenna suddenly re-enters her life and, with her mysterious new husband, Eric Stark, abducts Cody. Despite the fact that Maggie has no legal rights to Cody, FBI agent John Travis takes up her cause when he realizes that Cody shares the same birth date as several other recently murdered children.
Title: The Door in the Floor | Genres: drama | Overview: Set in the privileged beach community of East Hampton, New York and chronicles one pivotal summer in the lives of famous children's book author Ted Cole and his wife Marion. Their once-great marriage has been strained by tragedy. Her resulting despondency and his subsequent infidelities have prevented the couple from confronting a much-needed change in their relationship. Eddie O'Hare, the young man Ted hires to work as his summer assistant, is the couple's unwitting yet willing pawn - and, ultimately, the catalyst in the transformation of their lives.
Title: The Square | Genres: drama | Overview: A prestigious Stockholm museum's chief art curator finds himself in times of both professional and personal crisis as he attempts to set up a controversial new exhibit.
Title: The King of Comedy | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Aspiring comic Rupert Pupkin attempts to achieve success in show business by stalking his idol, a late night talk-show host who craves his own privacy.
Title: First They Killed My Father | Genres: war, drama, history | Overview: A 5-year-old girl embarks on a harrowing quest for survival amid the sudden rise and terrifying reign of the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia.
Title: My Life Without Me | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A fatally ill mother with only two months to live creates a list of things she wants to do before she dies without telling her family of her illness.
Title: For Richer or Poorer | Genres: comedy | Overview: Brad Sexton and his wife, Caroline, are wealthy New Yorkers with both marital and financial problems. The latter issue becomes a pressing matter when they discover that their accountant has embezzled millions and pinned the blame on them. Forced to go on the lam, Brad and Caroline end up in an Amish area of Pennsylvania and decide to pose as members of the religious group to evade the IRS. As the two adapt to the simple Amish lifestyle, they begin to reconnect.
Title: Lotoman 2.0 | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: The Marchena family is living a great moment, but no happiness is complete. Manuel suffers from the cravings of Sobeida’s pregnancy and Modesto seeks the Woman of his Life. Susanita faces great danger and Mama Susana is diagnosed with a deadly disease. Because in life, money is not everything----will they be so lucky as to live in a united family?
Title: Bixler High Private Eye | Genres: adventure, family, tv movie | Overview: Teenage detective Xander DeWitt is the new kid at Bixler Valley High, and he's there to unravel the biggest mystery of his life- the truth about his missing father. But in order to crack this case, Xander must learn to work with a partner- fearless investigative reporter Kenzie Messina.
Title: The Matchmaker's Playbook | Genres: romance | Overview: After a career-ending accident, former NFL recruit Ian Hunter is back on campus, and he's putting his extensive skills with women to work as one of the masterminds behind a successful and secretive dating service. But when Blake Olson requests the services of Wingmen, Inc., Ian may have landed his most hopeless client yet. As Blake begins the transformation from hot mess to smokin' hot, Ian realizes he's in danger of breaking his cardinal rule....
Title: Il Mare | Genres: fantasy, drama, romance, science fiction | Overview: In the year 1999, a young woman leaves her quaint seaside house and returns to the city, leaving in the mailbox a card for the next owner, with instructions to forward any mail of hers to the new address. In the year 1997, a jaded young architect moves into the same house--and finds the letter. His reply, which he slips into the mailbox, finds its way to her, beginning a parallel-time love story separated by a span of two years.
Title: Phenomena | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A young girl, with an amazing ability to communicate with insects, is transferred to an exclusive Swiss boarding school, where her unusual capability might help solve a string of murders.
Title: With Honors | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Convinced he'll graduate with honors because of his thesis paper, a stuffy Harvard student finds his paper being held hostage by a homeless man, who might be the guy to school the young man in life.
Title: Highlander II: The Quickening | Genres: fantasy, science fiction | Overview: In the year 2024, the ozone layer is believed to have been destroyed. It is up to MacLeod and Rameriz to set things right. Opposition comes from both the planet Ziest (MacLeod and Ramirez's homeworld) and a corporation profiting from the supposed lack of ozone. Also, flashbacks show the story behind MacLeod and Ramirez's exile from Ziest.
Title: Miller's Crossing | Genres: drama, thriller, crime | Overview: Set in 1929, a political boss and his advisor have a parting of the ways when they both fall for the same woman.
"Title: The Shadow | Genres: adventure, fantasy, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Based on the 1930's comic strip, puts the hero up against his arch enemy, Shiwan Khan, who plans to take over the world by holding a city to ransom using an atom bomb. Using his powers of invisibility and ""The power to cloud men's minds"", the Shadow comes blazing to the city's rescue with explosive results."
Title: Audition | Genres: horror, mystery, drama, thriller | Overview: Seven years after the death of his wife, widower Shigeharu seeks advice on how to find a new wife from a colleague. Taking advantage of their position as a film company, they stage an audition. Interviewing a series of women, Shigeharu is enchanted by the quiet Asami. But soon things take a twisted turn as Asami isn’t what she seems to be.
Title: Quick Change | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: With the aid of his girlfriend, Phyllis Potter, and best friend, Loomis, Grimm enters a Manhattan bank dressed as a clown, creates a hostage situation and executes a flawless robbery. The only thing left for the trio to do is make their getaway out of the city and to the airport. It sounds simple enough, but it seems that fate deserts them immediately after the bank heist. One mishap after another conspires to keep these robbers from reaching freedom.
Title: Ghidorah, the Three-Headed Monster | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: A meteor lands in Kurobe Valley as detective Shindo is assigned to protect Princess Salno from assassination. She emerges under the guise of a Venusian prophetess and catches the attention of journalist Naoko and Mothra's fairies by predicting a powerful space monster's arrival. The infant Mothra must convince Godzilla and Rodan to set aside their hatred of humanity or face the monster alone.
Title: Supernova | Genres: science fiction, horror, fantasy, thriller | Overview: Set in the 22nd century, when a battered salvage ship sends out a distress signal, the seasoned crew of the rescue hospital ship Nova-17 responds. What they find is a black hole--that threatens to destroy both ships--and a mysterious survivor whose body quickly mutates into a monstrous and deadly form.
Title: La Jetée | Genres: romance, science fiction | Overview: A man is sent back and forth and in and out of time in an experiment that attempts to unravel the fate and the solution to the problems of a post-apocalyptic world during the aftermath of WW3. The experiment results in him getting caught up in a perpetual reminiscence of past events that are recreated on an airport’s viewing pier.
Title: Chaco | Genres: war, drama | Overview: In 1934, Bolivia is at war with Paraguay. Liborio and Ticona and other Bolivian indigenous soldiers are lost in the hell of the Chaco, under the commandment of German Captain Kundt. They're looking for the Paraguayan enemy that they haven't seen for months, and that they will never find. They leave together in a search that will make them realize, progressively, the destiny they have been pushed into and the inevitable condition of a defeated troop. They're walking like shadows, wandering forever in the middle of dust and silence.
Title: Dead Space: Aftermath | Genres: animation, horror, science fiction | Overview: The year is 2509 and not only has Earth lost contact with the Ishimura and Isaac Clarke, but now also the USG O'Bannon, the first responder ship sent to rescue them. Four crew members of the O'Bannon have survived. But what happened to the rest of the crew? What were they doing? What secrets are they keeping? All to be revealed...in the Aftermath! --- Dead Space: Aftermath is a fast paced, horrifying thrill ride told through the perspective of the four survivors by several renowned international directors. Dead Space: Aftermath is an animated film that bridges the storyline between the video games Dead Space and Dead Space 2.
Title: Frozen River | Genres: drama | Overview: Ray Eddy, an upstate New York trailer mom, is lured into the world of illegal immigrant smuggling. Broke after her husband takes off with the down payment for their new doublewide, Ray reluctantly teams up with Lila, a smuggler, and the two begin making runs across the frozen St. Lawrence River carrying illegal Chinese and Pakistani immigrants in the trunk of Ray's Dodge Spirit.
Title: The Target | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: At the same time as murder suspect Yeo-hoon is brought unconscious to the emergency room following a shooting incident, an assailant breaks into the house of Tae-jun, the emergency room's doctor in charge, and kidnaps his wife. The kidnapper calls the doctor and tells him to bring Yeo-hoon to him. To retrieve his wife, Tae-jun has no option but to save the patient and sneak him away before the police can notice.
Title: Modern Life Is Rubbish | Genres: romance, music | Overview: Brought together by their shared love of music, ten years on Liam and Natalie are at breaking point. In their case opposites attract but don't necessarily work long-term. Making the difficult decision to separate, they must split their prized music library. But the soundtrack that defined their relationship keeps pulling them back together.
Title: Hammy's Boomerang Adventure | Genres: comedy, family, animation | Overview: RJ the raccoon produces a nature video, which turns out to be an excuse for him and the porcupine children to play pranks on Hammy the squirrel.
Title: Mighty Flash | Genres: drama | Overview: The women of a small rural town, suspended in time and whipped by depopulation, live between the apathy of their daily day where nothing extraordinary happens and a deep desire for liberating experiences that makes them rediscover the place where they believe they were happy or dreamed of being happy.
Title: Spy Cat | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Four crazy antiheroes on the run. Their leader is the unworldly innocent, naive Marnie, a house cat who is not allowed to leave the house and only knows about real life from television
Title: Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer: The Movie | Genres: animation, family, music | Overview: Young Rudolph suffers a childhood accident that sees his nose turn from the publicly accepted norm of black to a glowing red colour. His parents worry about him getting teased, and indeed he does in the end. When he is beaten in the reindeer games by his rival for a doe he fancies, Rudolph runs away and moves into a cave with Slyly the Fox. However can he overcome his fear and reach his true potential?
Title: The Man from Earth | Genres: science fiction, drama | Overview: An impromptu goodbye party for Professor John Oldman becomes a mysterious interrogation after the retiring scholar reveals to his colleagues he never ages and has walked the earth for 14,000 years.
Title: Death Wish 4: The Crackdown | Genres: action | Overview: After the death of his girlfriend's daughter from a drug overdose, Paul Kersey (Charles Bronson) takes on the local drug cartel.
Title: Half Brothers | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A story about the complex connection with a brother who is based in Mexico, meant to be a metaphor of the relationship between neighboring countries America and Mexico.
Title: Joy Ride 2: Dead Ahead | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: While driving to Las Vegas for the bachelor party of her sister Melissa and her fiance Bobby, Kayla stops the car at a gas station to meet her date, Nik, a guy she met on the internet. Nik convinces her to take a secondary road under the protest of Bobby but the car breaks down. They find a house in the middle of nowhere and decide to take the car parked in the house's garage to the next city...
Title: Dead Water | Genres: thriller | Overview: When a relaxing getaway turns deadly, a former Marine must risk his life once again to save his wife and best friend from a modern day pirate; all the while trying to hold himself together as he faces the ghosts of the war he left behind.
Title: Beats | Genres: drama, music | Overview: An agoraphobic hip-hop prodigy and a disgraced former music manager cross paths in Chicago’s South Side and help each other face demons of their pasts.
Title: Seberg | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: An ambitious young FBI agent is assigned to investigate iconic actress Jean Seberg when she becomes embroiled in the tumultuous civil rights movement in late 1960s Los Angeles.
Title: Compadres | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: A disgruntled Mexican cop is forced to work with a teenage hacker to hunt down the criminals who killed his wife, and dismantle their operation.
Title: Mammoth | Genres: action, comedy, science fiction, horror | Overview: On a hot summer afternoon in the sleepy town of Blackwater Louisiana, a meteor streaks across the sky and crashes through the roof of the local Natural History Museum. The meteor is actually a spaceship containing an alien life form which animates the museum's partially frozen Woolly Mammoth and begins a rampage. Local authorities and Government Investigators join forces with Frank Abernathy, the Museum Curator, and his father Simon, a B-Movie enthusiast, to bring down the giant mammoth in this alien-invasion flick!
Title: V/H/S: Viral | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: V/H/S: VIRAL's segments include the story of a deranged illusionist who obtains a magical object of great power; a homemade machine that opens a door to a parallel world; teenage skaters that unwillingly become targets of a Mexican death cult ritual; and a sinister, shadowy organization that is tracking a serial killer. The segments are tied together by the story of a group of fame-obsessed teens following a violent car chase in LA that unwittingly become stars of the next internet sensation.
Title: Thawing Out | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Léo is dragged to a nudist camping resort by his mother. Like most boys at the age of 12 or 13, being nude in public holds little appeal for Léo, who protests by wearing extra layers. Until he meets a certain special girl, who captures his heart and releases his inhibitions.
Title: Blood Creek | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A man and his brother on a mission of revenge become trapped in a harrowing occult experiment dating back to the Third Reich.
Title: Angel Guts: Red Porno | Genres: drama | Overview: Nami is a department store worker who agrees to stand in for a friend in a magazine photo-shoot, which turns out to be for an S&M magazine. When the photos are published, she is sacked and her lover abandons her.
Title: An Officer and a Gentleman | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Zack Mayo is an aloof, taciturn man who aspires to be a navy pilot. Once he arrives at training camp for his 13-week officer's course, Mayo runs afoul of abrasive, no-nonsense drill Sergeant Emil Foley. Mayo is an excellent cadet, but a little cold around the heart, so Foley rides him mercilessly, sensing that the young man would be prime officer material if he weren't so self-involved. Zack's affair with a working girl is likewise compromised by his unwillingness to give of himself.
Title: Broken Flowers | Genres: comedy, drama, mystery, romance | Overview: As the devoutly single Don Johnston is dumped by his latest girlfriend, he receives an anonymous pink letter informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him.
"Title: Shadow of a Doubt | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: A bored teen living in Santa Rosa, California, Charlotte ""Charlie"" Newton, is frustrated because nothing seems to be happening in her life and that of her family. Then, she receives wonderful news: her uncle (for whom she was named), Charlie Oakley, is arriving for a visit. But Uncle Charlie may not be the man he seems to be."
Title: Candyman: Farewell to the Flesh | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: The Candyman moves on to New Orleans and starts his horrific murders once more. This time, his intended victim is a school teacher. Her father was killed by the Candyman, and brother wrongly accused of the murders.
Title: Johnny Guitar | Genres: drama, western, romance | Overview: On the outskirts of town, the hard-nosed Vienna owns a saloon frequented by the undesirables of the region, including Dancin' Kid and his gang. Another patron of Vienna's establishment is Johnny Guitar, a former gunslinger and her lover. When a heist is pulled in town that results in a man's death, Emma Small, Vienna's rival, rallies the townsfolk to take revenge on Vienna's saloon – even without proof of her wrongdoing.
Title: Lincoln | Genres: history, drama | Overview: The revealing story of the 16th US President's tumultuous final months in office. In a nation divided by war and the strong winds of change, Lincoln pursues a course of action designed to end the war, unite the country and abolish slavery. With the moral courage and fierce determination to succeed, his choices during this critical moment will change the fate of generations to come.
Title: The Late Bloomer | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A sex therapist goes through puberty after the successful removal of a benign tumor resting against his pituitary gland. He experiences all the changes and effects of puberty over a three-week period.
Title: Galveston | Genres: thriller | Overview: After a violent encounter, Roy finds Rocky and sees something in her eyes that prompts a fateful decision. He takes her with him as he flees to Galveston, an action as ill-advised as it is inescapable.
Title: The Hundred-Foot Journey | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: A story centered around an Indian family who moves to France and opens a restaurant across the street from a Michelin-starred French restaurant.
Title: The House at the End of Time | Genres: horror, drama, fantasy | Overview: The story of Dulce, a mother who has encounters with apparitions inside her old house. She must decipher a mystery that could trigger a prophecy: the death of her family.
Title: Hesher | Genres: drama | Overview: A young boy has lost his mother and is losing touch with his father and the world around him. Then he meets Hesher who manages to make his life even more chaotic.
Title: Cracks | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Jealousy flares after the headmistress of an elite boarding school for girls becomes obsessed with a new student.
Title: American Ninja 4: The Annihilation | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: The two American Ninjas, Joe Armstrong and Sean Davidson, team up to do battle against a terrorist and his band of Ninjas.
Title: Day Watch | Genres: fantasy, science fiction | Overview: A man who serves in the war between the forces of Light and Dark comes into possession of a device that can restore life to Moscow, which was nearly destroyed by an apocalyptic event.
Title: To Kill a Mockingbird | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: Scout Finch, 6, and her older brother Jem live in sleepy Maycomb, Alabama, spending much of their time with their friend Dill and spying on their reclusive and mysterious neighbor, Boo Radley. When Atticus, their widowed father and a respected lawyer, defends a black man named Tom Robinson against fabricated rape charges, the trial and tangent events expose the children to evils of racism and stereotyping.
Title: The Nest | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Rory is an ambitious entrepreneur who brings his American wife and kids to his native country, England, to explore new business opportunities. After abandoning the sanctuary of their safe American suburban surroundings, the family is plunged into the despair of an archaic '80s Britain and their unaffordable new life in an English manor house threatens to destroy the family.
Title: Battle of the Bulge | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: In the winter of 1944, the Allied Armies stand ready to invade Germany at the coming of a New Year. To prevent it, Hitler orders an all-out offensive to re-take French territory and capture the major port city of Antwerp.
Title: Paris, Texas | Genres: drama | Overview: A man wanders out of the desert not knowing who he is. His brother finds him, and helps to pull his memory back of the life he led before he walked out on his family and disappeared four years earlier.
Title: Robin Williams: Come Inside My Mind | Genres: documentary, comedy | Overview: A funny, intimate and heartbreaking portrait of one of the world’s most beloved and inventive comedians, Robin Williams, told largely through his own words. Celebrates what he brought to comedy and to the culture at large, from the wild days of late-1970s L.A. to his death in 2014.
Title: Breakdown | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: When his SUV breaks down on a remote Southwestern road, Jeff Taylor lets his wife, Amy, hitch a ride with a trucker to get help. When she doesn't return, Jeff fixes his SUV and tracks down the trucker -- who tells the police he's never seen Amy. Johnathan Mostow's tense thriller then follows Jeff's desperate search for his wife, which eventually uncovers a small town's murderous secret.
Title: Puss in Boots: The Last Wish | Genres: animation, adventure, comedy, family | Overview: Puss in Boots discovers that his passion for adventure has taken its toll: He has burned through eight of his nine lives, leaving him with only one life left. Puss sets out on an epic journey to find the mythical Last Wish and restore his nine lives.
Title: Pablo Escobar: Angel or Demon? | Genres: documentary | Overview: Pablo, Angel o Demonio is the untold story of a man who changed our world forever. He created the multinational enterprise of cocaine trafficking and through terror brought a country to its knees, but through altruistic generosity he transformed the lives of his people, the underprivileged.
Title: Virus | Genres: horror, action, science fiction | Overview: When the crew of an American tugboat boards an abandoned Russian research vessel, the alien life form aboard regards them as a virus which must be destroyed.
Title: Another Gay Sequel: Gays Gone Wild! | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Four university students head to Florida for spring break and enroll in a contest to see who can get the most sexual partners.
Title: Pet | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A man bumps into an old crush and becomes obsessed. After several failed attempts at winning her over, he kidnaps her and holds her captive underneath the animal shelter where he works.
Title: Pirates | Genres: adventure, comedy | Overview: Captain Red runs a hardy pirate ship with the able assistance of Frog, a dashing young French sailor. One day Capt. Red is captured and taken aboard a Spanish galleon, but thanks to his inventiveness, he raises the crew to mutiny, takes over the ship, and kidnaps the niece of the governor of Maracaibo. The question is, can he keep this pace up?
Title: Zombie Tidal Wave | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A fisherman contends with an ocean-borne outbreak that threatens his seaside island community.
Title: Beerfest | Genres: comedy | Overview: During a trip to Germany to scatter their grandfather's ashes, German-American brothers Todd and Jan discover Beerfest, the secret Olympics of downing stout, and want to enter the contest to defend their family's beer-guzzling honor. Their Old Country cousins sneer at the Yanks' chances, prompting the siblings to return to America to prepare for a showdown the following year.
Title: La Grande Bouffe | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Four friends gather at a villa with the intention of eating themselves to death.
Title: Frances Ha | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: An aspiring dancer moves to New York City and becomes caught up in a whirlwind of flighty fair-weather friends, diminishing fortunes and career setbacks.
Title: Never Let Me Go | Genres: drama, romance, science fiction | Overview: As children, Kathy, Ruth, and Tommy spend their childhood at an idyllic and secluded English boarding school. As they grow into adults, they must come to terms with the complexity and strength of their love for one another while also preparing for the haunting reality awaiting them.
"Title: Revival of Evangelion | Genres: action, animation, drama, science fiction | Overview: ""Revival of Evangelion"" combines the movies, ""Evangelion: Death (True)²"" (a re-edit of ""Death"" segment from ""Death and Rebirth"") and ""The End of Evangelion,"" into one long production. It is a ""complete"" ending."
Title: Young Frankenstein | Genres: comedy | Overview: A young neurosurgeon inherits the castle of his grandfather, the famous Dr. Victor von Frankenstein. In the castle he finds a funny hunchback, a pretty lab assistant and the elderly housekeeper. Young Frankenstein believes that the work of his grandfather was delusional, but when he discovers the book where the mad doctor described his reanimation experiment, he suddenly changes his mind.
Title: Alex Strangelove | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Alex Truelove is on a quest to lose his virginity, an event eagerly awaited by his patient girlfriend and cheered on with welcome advice by his rowdy friends. But Alex, a super gregarious dude, is oddly unmotivated. A magical house party throws Alex into the presence of Elliot, a hunky college guy, who pegs Alex as gay and flirts hard. Alex is taken aback but after a series of setbacks on the girlfriend front he takes the plunge and learns some interesting new facts about himself.
Title: Micmacs | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: While standing in the doorway of the video shop where he works, Bazil is inadvertently shot in the head. Now homeless and jobless, he is taken in by a troupe of misfits who live in a giant mound of trash. There Bazil begins his quest for revenge against the people who produced the gun that shot him.
Title: Black Sheep | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: A genetic engineering experiment gone horribly awry turns a large flock of docile sheep into unrelenting killing machines.
Title: Shocker | Genres: horror | Overview: After being sent to the electric chair, a serial killer uses electricity to come back from the dead and carry out his vengeance on the football player who turned him in to the police.
Title: Frank & Lola | Genres: drama, mystery, romance | Overview: A talented Las Vegas chef falls in love with an aspiring fashion designer but turns violently jealous when he realizes that she's hiding dark secrets.
Title: Big Time Adolescence | Genres: comedy | Overview: A seemingly bright and mostly innocent 16-year-old named Mo attempts to navigate high school under the guidance of his best friend Zeke, an unmotivated-yet-charismatic college dropout. Although Zeke genuinely cares about Mo, things start to go awry as he teaches Mo nontraditional life lessons in drug dealing, partying, and dating. Meanwhile, Mo’s well-meaning dad tries to step in and take back the reins of his son’s upbringing.
Title: Windstorm | Genres: adventure, family | Overview: While spending the summer at her grandmother's farm, a girl discovers a talent for communicating with horses and tries to tame a fierce stallion.
Title: Space Cowboys | Genres: action, adventure, thriller | Overview: Frank Corvin, ‘Hawk’ Hawkins, Jerry O'Neill and ‘Tank’ Sullivan were hotdog members of Project Daedalus, the Air Force's test program for space travel, but their hopes were dashed in 1958 with the formation of NASA and the use of trained chimps. They blackmail their way into orbit when Russia's mysterious ‘Ikon’ communications satellite's orbit begins to degrade and threatens to crash to Earth.
Title: LEGO DC Super Heroes - Aquaman: Rage Of Atlantis | Genres: animation, family, action, comedy | Overview: Aquaman must battle foes in the air, on land and in the depths of the Seven Seas, along with some help from The Justice League, to save the day.
Title: Miracle in Cell No. 7 | Genres: drama, comedy, family | Overview: A story about a mentally ill man wrongfully accused of murder and his relationship with his lovingly adorable 6 year old daughter.
Title: Dolores Claiborne | Genres: crime, drama, mystery | Overview: Dolores Claiborne was accused of killing her abusive husband twenty years ago, but the court's findings were inconclusive and she was allowed to walk free. Now she has been accused of killing her employer, Vera Donovan, and this time there is a witness who can place her at the scene of the crime. Things look bad for Dolores when her daughter Selena, a successful Manhattan magazine writer, returns to cover the story.
Title: The Butler | Genres: drama | Overview: A look at the life of Cecil Gaines who served eight presidents as the White House's head butler from 1952 to 1986, and had a unique front-row seat as political and racial history was made.
Title: In the Cut | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Following the gruesome murder of a young woman in her neighborhood, a self-determined woman living in New York City – as if to test the limits of her own safety – propels herself into an impossibly risky sexual liaison. Soon she grows increasingly wary about the motives of every man with whom she has contact – and about her own.
Title: Ice Sharks | Genres: tv movie, adventure, action, science fiction, horror | Overview: A new breed of aggressive, ravenous sharks cracks the frozen ocean floor of an Arctic research station, devouring all who fall through. As the station sinks into frigid waters, those alive must fashion makeshift weapons or suffer the same fate.
Title: Father of the Bride | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: George Banks is an ordinary, middle-class man whose 22 year-old daughter Annie has decided to marry a man from an upper-class family, but George can't think of what life would be like without his daughter. His wife tries to make him happy for Annie, but when the wedding takes place at their home and a foreign wedding planner takes over the ceremony, he becomes slightly insane.
Title: Casanova | Genres: adventure, comedy, drama, romance | Overview: With a reputation for seducing members of the opposite sex, regardless of their marital status, a notorious womanizer discovers a beauty who seems impervious to his charms. However, as he continues to pursue the indifferent lady, he finds himself falling in love.
Title: The Ledge | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A thriller in which a battle of philosophies between a fundamentalist Christian and an atheist escalates into a lethal battle of wills.
Title: Deadgirl | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: When high school misfits Rickie and JT decide to ditch school and find themselves lost in the crumbling facility of a nearby abandoned hospital, they come face-to-face with a gruesome discovery: a body of a woman stripped naked, chained to a table and covered in plastic and soon realize she is anything but dead. Quickly the boys find themselves embarking on a twisted yet poignant journey testing the limits of their friendship, and forces both to decide just how far they're willing to stretch their understanding of right and wrong.
Title: Hot Bubblegum | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Momo and Yudale take turns mounting Bentzi's foreign buxom cousin, but Yudale and her get stuck together. Momo raises the bar even further by proving the rumors of an accepting older buxom piano tutor, Fritzi. Bentzi looks for love.
Title: Daisies | Genres: comedy, fantasy | Overview: Two teenage girls, both named Marie, decide that since the world is spoiled, they will be spoiled as well; accordingly, they embark on a series of destructive pranks in which they consume and destroy the world around them.
Title: Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey | Genres: adventure, comedy, science fiction | Overview: Amiable slackers Bill and Ted are once again roped into a fantastical adventure when De Nomolos, a villain from the future, sends evil robot duplicates of the two lads to terminate and replace them. The robot doubles actually succeed in killing Bill and Ted, but the two are determined to escape the afterlife, challenging the Grim Reaper to a series of games in order to return to the land of the living.
Title: P Storm | Genres: action, crime | Overview: Liu Yue Ping reports to the ICAC about a rich 2G Cao Yuen Yuen who bribed officers of the Hong Kong Correctional Services (HKCS) from inside the prison. William Luk decides to infiltrate the prison as an inmate to conduct his investigation, while his partner Ching Tak Ming and Chief Inspector Lau Po-keung back him up from the outside.
Title: Blade: House of Chthon | Genres: action, horror, tv movie | Overview: The brutal hunt for the pure bloods continues as the ultimate vampire hunter, Blade, battles to defeat the House of Chthon, an ancient evil sect of vampires that is growing stronger everyday. Led by the vampire overlord Marcus, their objective is to create a vaccine that will give rise to a new breed of super vampires, immune to vampire weaknesses. In order to stop them, Blade joins forces with th
Title: Free Solo | Genres: documentary, adventure | Overview: Follow Alex Honnold as he attempts to become the first person to ever free solo climb Yosemite's 3,000 foot high El Capitan wall. With no ropes or safety gear, this would arguably be the greatest feat in rock climbing history.
Title: Slow West | Genres: western, action, thriller, drama | Overview: In the Old West, a 17-year-old Scottish boy teams up with a mysterious gunman to find the woman with whom he is infatuated.
Title: Dancer in the Dark | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Selma, a Czech immigrant on the verge of blindness, struggles to make ends meet for herself and her son, who has inherited the same genetic disorder and will suffer the same fate without an expensive operation. When life gets too difficult, Selma learns to cope through her love of musicals, escaping life's troubles - even if just for a moment - by dreaming up little numbers to the rhythmic beats of her surroundings.
Title: Fighter in the Wind | Genres: action, drama | Overview: An account of karate competitor Choi Yeung-Eui who went to Japan after World War II to become a fighter pilot but found a very different path instead. He changed his name to Masutatsu Oyama and went across the country, defeating martial artists one after another. This film concentrates on the period when he is still young, and developing his famous karate style, Kyokushin.
Title: Amateur | Genres: drama | Overview: 14-year-old basketball phenom Terron Forte has to navigate the under-the-table world of amateur athletics when he is recruited to an elite NCAA prep school.
Title: The Concubine | Genres: drama | Overview: Living a torturous life of poverty and barely able to survive, Hwa-yeon decides to offer herself as one of the king’s concubines. Once inside the royal palace, two men are immediately seized by the woman -- the Grand Prince Seong-won, a megalomaniacal ruler drunk with power and lust, and Kwon-yoo, who has everything to lose if his desire for Hwa-yeon is exposed.
Title: Anthony Zimmer | Genres: drama, thriller, crime, romance | Overview: In Paris, the international police force and the Russian mafia are chasing Anthony Zimmer, an intelligent man responsible for laundry of dirty money in France. Zimmer had extensive plastic surgery, and his new face and voice are completely unknown. The only means to reach Zimmer is through his beloved mistress Chiara, who is under surveillance of the police and the mobsters. While traveling by train to the country nearby Nice, the common man François Taillandier, who has the same body shape of Zimmer, is select by Chiara as if he were Zimmer and used as a bait to lure those that are pursuing her. When Taillandier is chased by the professional Russian killers, he runs the French police when the real situation begins to be disclosed to him. Written by Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
Title: Belle de Jour | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Beautiful young housewife Séverine Serizy cannot reconcile her masochistic fantasies with her everyday life alongside dutiful husband Pierre. When her lovestruck friend Henri mentions a secretive high-class brothel run by Madame Anais, Séverine begins to work there during the day under the name Belle de Jour. But when one of her clients grows possessive, she must try to go back to her normal life.
Title: A Kind of Murder | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: In 1960s New York, Walter Stackhouse is a successful architect married to the beautiful Clara who leads a seemingly perfect life. But his fascination with an unsolved murder leads him into a spiral of chaos as he is forced to play cat-and-mouse with a clever killer and an overambitious detective, while at the same time lusting after another woman.
Title: You Got Served | Genres: music, drama | Overview: At Mr. Rad's Warehouse, the best hip-hop crews in Los Angeles compete for money and respect. But when a suburban crew crashes the party, stealing their dancers - and their moves - two warring friends have to pull together to represent the street. Starring hip-hop sensations Marques Houston, Omari Grandberry, Lil' Kim and comedian Steve Harvey.
Title: Ana & Bruno | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: Ana, a nine year old girl, arrives with her mother to an isolated beach with the intention to rest and to know the sea. There, she discovers that they are under a terrible threat, therefore she is obligated to look for help with her father in order to save her mother.
Title: Tuck Everlasting | Genres: drama, family, fantasy, romance | Overview: Teenager Winnie Foster is growing up in a small rural town in 1914 with her loving but overprotective parents, but Winnie longs for a life of greater freedom and adventure.
Title: The Work Wife | Genres: drama | Overview: After a tense few months following a miscarriage and an unemployment spell, things are finally looking up for Sean and Lisa Miller when Sean lands his dream job at an advertising firm. But when Sean’s assistant, Jen, his self-proclaimed “Work Wife,” begins vying for his affection, it soon becomes clear that she will stop at nothing to rip their marriage apart and claim him as her own.
Title: 3 Generations | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A teenager transitions from female to male, and his family must come to terms with that fact.
Title: Cyborg She | Genres: action, comedy, science fiction, romance, drama | Overview: Cyborg She follows the burgeoning romance between an ordinary college student and his sassy love interest - who happens to be a time-traveling cyborg with superhuman powers. One day, a beautiful cyborg girl appears in front of a dull university student. Even though the cyborg starts to like him, she can’t truly feel emotions, so the boy has no choice but to say goodbye. Missing her, he continues his lonely existence. One day, a disastrous earthquake hits Tokyo and the cyborg girl saves his life. In that moment, she starts to have feelings like a real human being.
Title: Bend It Like Beckham | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Jess Bhamra, the daughter of a strict Indian couple in London, is not permitted to play organized soccer, even though she is 18. When Jess is playing for fun one day, her impressive skills are seen by Jules Paxton, who then convinces Jess to play for her semi-pro team. Jess uses elaborate excuses to hide her matches from her family while also dealing with her romantic feelings for her coach, Joe.
Title: Backcountry | Genres: thriller, drama, horror | Overview: A couple on a deep-wilderness hike become hopelessly lost within an aggressive black bear's territory.
Title: Pulling Strings | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Rachel is an intelligent, modern-day woman constantly on the move. Primarily focused on her career as a diplomatic consul for the U.S. embassy, she's literally lived her life on the move, globe-trotting from city to city. Currently working in Mexico City and set to leave for London, Rachel's world turns upside down on the eve of her own goodbye party when she gets drunk and passes out on the street. Saved by Alejandro, a handsome Mariachi singer and single father, Rachel wakes up in his apartment with no recollection of how she got there. Nor does she remember that she rejected his visa the day before, which he desperately needs for his daughter. Romance unexpectedly blossoms between the two, but either sparks or fists will fly after she finds out his secret.
Title: Le Brio | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Neïla Salah grew up in Créteil, a tower block suburb on the outskirts of Paris, and dreams of becoming a lawyer. She has been accepted into a major university in Paris and on her first day there she is confronted by Pierre Mazard, a professor known for his provocative behavior and blunders. To make amends for an incident, he accepts to help Neïla prepare for a prestigious competition in courtroom eloquence. Both cynical and demanding, Pierre could become the mentor who she needs... But first both must overcome their prejudices.
Title: Sex and Breakfast | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Two young couples using anonymous sex as a catalyst to fix their troubled relationships must rethink what makes a connection work.
Title: Turkish Delight | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Eric, a gifted sculptor has a stormy, erotic, and star-crossed romance with a beautiful young girl, Olga. The story follows the arc of their relationship and his interaction with her family.
Title: Arn: The Knight Templar | Genres: action, adventure, drama, romance | Overview: Arn, the son of a high-ranking Swedish nobleman is educated in a monastery and sent to the Holy Land as a knight templar to do penance for a forbidden love.
Title: Anna | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: A man with the ability to enter peoples' memories takes on the case of a brilliant, troubled sixteen-year-old girl to determine whether she is a sociopath or a victim of trauma.
Title: Möbius | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: An FSB officer falls in love with his agent, an American woman who works as a trader in a Russian bank.
Title: Towa no Quon 6: Eternal Quon | Genres: animation, action, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: The story follows a boy named Quon and others who suddenly wake up with supernatural powers.
Title: The Sex Trip | Genres: comedy, fantasy | Overview: After a shallow womanizer refuses a mysterious homeless woman's request for a kiss, he wakes up the next morning to discover he's been changed into a woman.
Title: The Ladykillers | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Five oddball criminals planning a bank robbery rent rooms on a cul-de-sac from an octogenarian widow under the pretext that they are classical musicians.
Title: Wimbledon | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: British tennis player Peter clutches to an embarrassingly low position on the tennis-ranking ladder. Handed a wild card for Wimbledon, he expects it to be his final bow.
Title: The Convent | Genres: history, horror | Overview: During the 17th century, a young woman is saved from execution and led to a priory to repent her sins but discovers a greater evil lies within.
Title: The Music of Silence | Genres: drama | Overview: Born with a serious eye condition that eventually leads to his blindness, Bocelli nevertheless rises above the challenges, driven by great ambitions towards his passion. The silent pursuit of his daily mission continues.
Title: Los Modernos | Genres: drama | Overview: In two parallel stories, two ladies Clara and Paula are working upon their relationships, parenthood and at the same time not sacrificing professionals and sexual freedom of the couple.
"Title: Kidnapping, Caucasian Style | Genres: comedy, romance, music | Overview: In this comic but dated story, nerdy Shurik travels to Caucas in search of native legends and folklore. But what he finds is a beautiful girl whom, due to intoxication and deceit of the local ""gang"", he ends up literally stealing for the local deceitful governor. All the time Shurik thinks that it is all just a one old Caucasian custom. When he, finally, realizes what he did he goes out in search for the girl of his dreams. Written by Ptah Hoteb"
Title: Save the Last Dance 2 | Genres: drama, family, romance | Overview: Sara joins Julliard in New York to fulfill her and her mother's dream of becoming the Prima ballerina of the school. She befriends her roommates, Zoe and Miles, who teach hip-hop classes. She has ballet classes with the rigid and famous Monique Delacroix that she idolizes - Monique requires full commitment, discipline and hard work from her students. When Miles, who is a composer, invites Sara to help him compose the music for the dance choreography Sara's passion for hip-hop is sparked and she also falls in love with Miles. When she is assigned to perform Giselle in an important event, she feels divided between the technique of the ballet and the creative work offered by Miles.
Title: Extreme Job | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: A drug squad attempts to take down a criminal organization and they must go undercover to do so, so they begin working at a chicken restaurant, that becomes famous for its delicious chicken. Due to the unexpected popularity, the detectives find themselves in a situation they never expected.
Title: Oslo | Genres: tv movie, drama, history | Overview: The true story of negotiations between implacable enemies — the secret back-channel talks, unlikely friendships and quiet heroics of a small but committed group of Israelis, Palestinians and one Norwegian couple that led to the 1993 Oslo Peace Accords.
Title: Gone Nutty | Genres: animation, comedy | Overview: Scrat tries to finish his rather large collection of acorns when things start going nutty.
Title: Tristan & Isolde | Genres: drama, romance, adventure, action | Overview: An affair between the second in line to Britain's throne (Franco) and the princess of the feuding Irish (Myles) spells doom for the young lovers.
Title: Appleseed | Genres: animation, action, science fiction | Overview: In a utopian society created at the end of the third world war, a female warrior who has been plucked from the badlands begins to see cracks in this new facade. And what does this community have planned for the rest of humankind?
Title: Support Your Local Sheriff! | Genres: comedy, western | Overview: A quick-witted drifter wanders into a lawless town in the midst of a gold rush. Shocked by the prices of food and meals he reluctantly takes the job of sheriff by amazing the Mayor with his lightning quick, dead eye pistol accuracy. He makes the town council know that he is really just passing through on his way to Australia and he will pull up and leave anytime he chooses (including at the first sign of real trouble). His first day on the job he takes on the biggest, meanest ranching family and meets his klutzy love interest.
Title: Looking Glass | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: A psycho- sexual thriller following a couple that buys an old motel in the desert looking for a new beginning, but what seemed at first as an escape is soon a thrilling ride through a mysterious world when Ray discovers a two way mirror and witnesses a horrifying murder. In a twisted game of cat and mouse, Ray must race to save his wife and himself from a gruesome secret connected to the motel and the strange people who visit there.
Title: Abraham Lincoln vs. Zombies | Genres: horror, action, thriller | Overview: As Abraham Lincoln labors over the Gettysburg address, the importance of which he is fully aware, he learns that a menace from his past has returned, threatening to tear the already fractured nation to pieces. He must journey behind enemy lines to face an foe far more fearsome than the Confederate army: the walking dead.
Title: Out of the Dark | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A couple and their daughter moves to Colombia to take over a family manufacturing plant, only to realize their new home is haunted.
Title: Immoral Tales | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Four erotic tales from in various historical eras. The first, 'The Tide', is set in the present day, and concerns a student and his young female cousin stranded on the beach by the tide, secluded from prying eyes. 'Therese Philosophe' is set in the nineteenth century, and concerns a girl being locked in her bedroom, where she contemplates the erotic potential of the objects contained within it. 'Erzsebet Bathory' is a portrait of the sixteenth-century countess who allegedly bathed in the blood of virgins, while 'Lucrezia Borgia' concerns an incestuous fifteenth-century orgy involving Lucrezia, her brother, and her father the Pope.
"Title: Thinner | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A fat lawyer finds himself growing ""Thinner"" when an old gypsy man places a hex on him. Now the lawyer must call upon his friends in organized crime to help him persuade the gypsy to lift the curse. Time is running out for the desperate lawyer as he draws closer to his own death, and grows ever thinner."
Title: Becket | Genres: drama, history | Overview: King Henry II of England has trouble with the Church. When the Archbishop of Canterbury dies, he has a brilliant idea. Rather than appoint another pious cleric loyal to Rome and the Church, he will appoint his old drinking and wenching buddy, Thomas Becket, technically a deacon of the church, to the post. Unfortunately, Becket takes the job seriously and provides abler opposition to Henry.
Title: Starman | Genres: science fiction, romance | Overview: When an alien takes the form of a young widow's husband and asks her to drive him from Wisconsin to Arizona, the government tries to stop them.
Title: The Rage: Carrie 2 | Genres: horror, thriller, science fiction | Overview: After the suicide of her only friend, Rachel has never felt more on the outside. The one person who reached out to her, Jessie, also happens to be part of the popular crowd that lives to torment outsiders like her. But Rachel has something else that separates her from the rest, a secret amazing ability to move things with her mind. Sue Snell, the only survivor of Carrie White's rampage twenty-two years ago, may hold the key to helping Rachel come to terms with her awesome, but unwanted power. But as Rachel slowly learns to trust, a terrible trap is being laid for her. And making her angry could prove to be fatal.
Title: Dennis the Menace Strikes Again! | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: Barricade the doors. Lock the windows. Because he's baaaack. That one-boy wrecking crew, Dennis the Menace, returns for more mischief and mayhem. Based on the comic strip and TV show about a mischievous little boy with a gift for the potentially lethal prank.
Title: Last Christmas | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: Kate is a young woman who has a habit of making bad decisions, and her last date with disaster occurs after she accepts work as Santa's elf for a department store. However, after she meets Tom there, her life takes a new turn.
Title: The Stranger | Genres: action, drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: The Stranger is a man with no name, no memory and absolutely nothing left to lose. But when he finds himself hunted by both the FBI and the Russian mob, this amnesiac decides to fight back. Pursuit cannot stop him. Torture will not break him. And with every beating, bullet and betrayal, he’ll remember another piece of the horror that took away his career, his family and his identity.
Title: Tom Jones | Genres: adventure, comedy, romance | Overview: Tom loves Sophie and Sophie loves Tom. But Tom and Sophie are of differering classes. Can they find a way through the mayhem to be true to love?
Title: Legend of the Fist: The Return of Chen Zhen | Genres: drama, action, history, thriller | Overview: Seven years after the apparent death of Chen Zhen, who was shot after discovering who was responsible for his teacher's death (Huo Yuanjia) in Japanese-occupied Shanghai. A mysterious stranger arrives from overseas and befriends a local mafia boss. That man is a disguised Chen Zhen, who intends to infiltrate the mob when they form an alliance with the Japanese. Disguising himself as a caped fighter by night, Chen intends to take out everyone involved as well as get his hands on an assassination list prepared by the Japanese.
Title: The Silence of the Lambs | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Clarice Starling is a top student at the FBI's training academy. Jack Crawford wants Clarice to interview Dr. Hannibal Lecter, a brilliant psychiatrist who is also a violent psychopath, serving life behind bars for various acts of murder and cannibalism. Crawford believes that Lecter may have insight into a case and that Starling, as an attractive young woman, may be just the bait to draw him out.
Title: Daddy Day Camp | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: Seeking to offer his son the satisfying summer camp experience that eluded him as a child, the operator of a neighborhood daycare center opens his own camp, only to face financial hardship and stiff competition from a rival camp.
Title: Secondhand Lions | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: The comedic adventures of an introverted boy left on the doorstep of a pair of reluctant, eccentric great-uncles, whose exotic remembrances stir the boy's spirit and re-ignite the men's lives.
Title: Pizza Dare 1 | Genres: romance | Overview: Seok, who wants to try perverted sex, pesters Hyun-jin every day, but Hyun-jin rejects it saying she only like normal things. And then one day while delivering chicken, he found So-ra and Hyun-soo, a couple who enjoys delivery exposures. Frustrated as he is with Hyun-jin, he starts neglecting her and became more and more hooked with the So-ra couple. To recover their relationship, Hyun-jin goes on a date with Seok. But then a call came for him. The couple invites him for sex. Will he be having a date with his wife, or will he accept the invitation he may only get once in a lifetime? What would be his choice?
Title: The Stoning of Soraya M. | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: A drama set in 1986 Iran and centered on a man, Sahebjam, whose car breaks down in a remote village and enters into a conversation with Zahra, who relays to him the story about her niece, Soraya, whose arranged marriage to an abusive tyrant had a tragic ending.
Title: Zorba the Greek | Genres: drama | Overview: An uptight English writer traveling to Crete on a matter of business finds his life changed forever when he meets the gregarious Alexis Zorba.
Title: Young People Fucking | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: On a Tuesday night, five couples have separate sexual adventures. Matt and Kris, friends for years, want to have an only-once, no-strings good time. Abby and Andrew, married, celebrate his birthday, but it's marred by angst and miscommunication. Mia and Eric are exes, making sure they are over each other. Jaime and Ken work together and this is a first date. Inez and Gord invite his roommate, Dave, to join them. By the time each couple has gone through a prelude, foreplay, sex, an interlude, orgasm, and afterglow, they've answered basic questions: can sex be anonymous, are we bored, is our marriage really finished, does anyone tell the truth, and how do we make someone happy?
Title: Recalled | Genres: mystery, thriller | Overview: Soo Jin, a woman suffering from post-traumatic memory loss, returns to her daily life with her husband after an accident. But her recovery takes an unexpected turn when she starts experiencing eerie visions: One day, she sees a vision of a child living in the same building being hit by a car. Shortly after almost risking her life to save the child, she has yet another chilling vision about a girl living on the 7th floor being harassed by a man, and does what she can to help the girl. She runs into her former boss at an art school, and learns that learns that her husband may not be telling the truth about everything. Meanwhile, detective Ki-sang finds Soo Jin’s husband on the surveillance footage of a crime scene and starts to investigate him. Soo Jin’s suspicion grows as she sees a vision of her husband killing a neighbor. While searching for the truth about her husband, she stumbles upon a wedding photo of her with a strange man other than her husband…
Title: Team Thor: Part 1 | Genres: comedy, science fiction | Overview: Discover what Thor was up to during the events of Captain America: Civil War.
Title: The Bay | Genres: horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Two million fish washed ashore. One thousand blackbirds dropped from the sky. On July 4, 2009 a deadly menace swept through the quaint seaside town of Claridge, Maryland, but the harrowing story of what happened that Independence Day has never been told—until now. The authorities believed they had buried the truth about the tragedy that claimed over 700 human lives. Now, three years later, a reporter has emerged with footage revealing the cover-up and an unimaginable killer: a mysterious parasitic outbreak. Told from the perspective of those who were there and saw what happened, The Bay unfolds over 24 hours through people's iPhones, Androids, 911 calls, webcams, and whatever else could be used to document the nightmare in Claridge. What follows is a nerve-shredding tale of a small town plunged into absolute terror.
Title: An Unfinished Life | Genres: drama | Overview: Stoic and heartbroken, Einar Gilkyson quietly lives in the rugged Wyoming ranchlands alongside his only trusted friend, Mitch Bradley. One day, the woman he blames for the death of his only son arrives at his door broke, desperate and with a granddaughter he's never known. But even as buried anger and accusations resurface, the way is opened for unexpected connection, adventure and forgiveness.
Title: The Flying Deuces | Genres: comedy, war | Overview: Ollie is in love with a woman. When he discovers that she is already married, he tries to kill himself. Of course, the suicide is avoided and the boys join the Foreign Legion to get away from their troubles. Finally, they are arrested for trying to desert the Legion and to escape the firing squad by stealing a plane.
Title: Ivanhoe | Genres: adventure, romance | Overview: Sir Walter Scott's classic story of the chivalrous Ivanhoe who joins with Robin of Locksley in the fight against Prince John and for the return of King Richard the Lionheart.
Title: Shaft | Genres: action, adventure, crime, thriller | Overview: New York police detective John Shaft arrests Walter Wade Jr. for a racially motivated slaying. But the only eyewitness disappears, and Wade jumps bail for Switzerland. Two years later Wade returns to face trial, confident his money and influence will get him acquitted -- especially since he's paid a drug kingpin to kill the witness.
Title: Flying Colors | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A high school girl, Sayaka Kudō was the bottom of the class. After a year, she improved her deviation value from 30 to 70, then passed Keio University that is considered one of the most difficult to enter in Japan.
Title: Munich | Genres: drama, action, history, thriller | Overview: During the 1972 Olympic Games in Munich, eleven Israeli athletes are taken hostage and murdered by a Palestinian terrorist group known as Black September. In retaliation, the Israeli government recruits a group of Mossad agents to track down and execute those responsible for the attack.
Title: Breaking the Waves | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In a small and conservative Scottish village, a woman's paralytic husband convinces her to have extramarital intercourse so she can tell him about it and give him a reason for living.
"Title: The Getaway | Genres: drama, action, thriller, mystery | Overview: Doc McCoy is put in prison because his partners chickened out and flew off without him after exchanging a prisoner with a lot of money. Doc knows Jack Benyon, a rich ""business""-man, is up to something big, so he tells his wife (Carol McCoy) to tell him that he's for sale if Benyon can get him out of prison. Benyon pulls some strings and Doc McCoy is released again. Unfortunately he has to cooperate with the same person that got him to prison."
Title: Where are you going, Aida? | Genres: war, drama | Overview: Bosnia, July 1995. Aida is a translator for the UN in the small town of Srebrenica. When the Serbian army takes over the town, her family is among the thousands of citizens looking for shelter in the UN camp. As an insider to the negotiations Aida has access to crucial information that she needs to interpret. What is at the horizon for her family and people - rescue or death? Which move should she take?
Title: Skins | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: In a strange world where people share numerous deformities, the same problem we all face challenges each of them: to find someone who accepts you as you are. Sometimes, that means finding yourself first.
Title: Dracula: The Original Living Vampire | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Detective Amelia Van Helsing is on the desperate hunt for the killer responsible for a string of grisly murders targeting young women. Matters only worsen when all evidence leads to the seemingly untouchable Count Dracula. And when Van Helsing’s girlfriend vanishes, she is forced to question the very existence of monsters in a final showdown with the enigmatic count.
Title: Werckmeister Harmonies | Genres: drama | Overview: This story takes place in a small town on the Hungarian Plain. In a provincial town, which is surrounded with nothing else but frost. It is bitterly cold weather — without snow. Even in this bewildered cold hundreds of people are standing around the circus tent, which is put up in the main square, to see — as the outcome of their wait — the chief attraction, the stuffed carcass of a real whale. The people are coming from everywhere. From the neighboring settlings, even from quite far away parts of the country. They are following this clumsy monster as a dumb, faceless, rag-wearing crowd. This strange state of affairs — the appearance of the foreigners, the extreme frost — disturbs the order of the small town. Ambitious personages of the story feel they can take advantage of this situation. The tension growing to the unbearable is brought to explosion by the figure of the Prince, who is pretending facelessness. Even his mere appearance is enough to break loose destructive emotions...
Title: The Runaways | Genres: music, drama | Overview: Joan Jett and Cherie Currie, two rebellious teenagers from Southern California, become the frontwomen for the Runaways -- the now-legendary group that paved the way for future generations of female rockers. Under the Svengali-like influence of impresario Kim Fowley, the band becomes a huge success.
Title: Godzilla vs. Biollante | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: After the previous Godzilla attack, a miniature arms race ensues to collect his cells. Concerned over Godzilla's possible return, the Japanese government uses the cells to create a new bio-weapon, ANEB (Anti-Nuclear Energy Bacteria). They seeks the aid of geneticist Genshiro Shiragami, who's experiments result in a new mutation.
Title: Voyage of the Unicorn | Genres: adventure, fantasy, tv movie | Overview: One day the Aislings find themselves magically transported to a ship called the Unicorn. Here, they discover that they've been chosen to fulfill an incredible quest! They undergo an incredible journey of discovery in strange lands with enchanted creatures, but find their voyage is really one of the spirit, as they each learn faith and the power of love.
Title: A Chinese Odyssey Part One: Pandora's Box | Genres: fantasy, adventure, comedy | Overview: When the Goddess of Happiness tosses the Longevity Monk and his disciples out of heaven (because the Monkey King tried to attain immortality), the Monkey King is reincarnated as the Joker. He now spends his time chasing two jealous women. When one of them is dying, the Joker goes back in time in an attempt to save her.
Title: The Toxic Avenger | Genres: science fiction, action, comedy, horror | Overview: Tromaville has a monstrous new hero. The Toxic Avenger is born when mop boy Melvin Junko falls into a vat of toxic waste. Now evildoers will have a lot to lose.
Title: XXY | Genres: drama | Overview: Alex, an intersexed 15-year-old, is living as a girl, but she and her family begin to wonder whether she's emotionally a boy when another teenager's sexual advances bring the issue to a head. As Alex faces a final decision regarding her gender, she meets both hostility and compassion.
Title: 71: Into the Fire | Genres: war | Overview: A civil war broke out in the 1950s between North and South Korea which changed the country forever. 71: Into the Fire centers on the struggles of 71 student soldiers who fought through the Korean War. Using real people and events based on the opening moves of the Battle of P'ohang-dong, the film exposes the personal and physical conflicts that these students faced when finding themselves on the last line of defense at P'ohang-dong Girl's Middle School against the NKPA's advancement, needing to hold out until back up from other Korean troops and the Allies arrived.
Title: Panfilov's 28 Men | Genres: history, action, drama, war | Overview: USSR, Late November, 1941. Based on the account by reporter Vasiliy Koroteev that appeared in the Red Army's newspaper, Krasnaya Zvezda, shortly after the battle, this is the story of Panifilov's Twenty-Eight, a group of twenty-eight soldiers of the Red Army's 316th Rifle Division, under the command of General Ivan Panfilov, that stopped the advance on Moscow of a column of fifty-four Nazi tanks of the 11th Panzer Division for several days. Though armed only with standard issue Mosin-Nagant infantry rifles and DP and PM-M1910 machine guns, all useless against tanks, and with wholly inadequate RPG-40 anti-tank grenades and PTRD-41 anti-tank rifles, they fight tirelessly and defiantly, with uncommon bravery and unwavering dedication, to protect Moscow and their Motherland.
Title: Belladonna of Sadness | Genres: animation, drama, fantasy | Overview: An evil feudal lord rapes a village girl on her wedding night and proceeds to ruin her and her husband's lives. After she's eventually banished from her village, the girl makes a pact with the devil to gain magical ability and take revenge.
Title: Psycho IV – The Beginning | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller, tv movie | Overview: Norman Bates recalls his childhood with his abusive mother on a radio show about boys who commit matricide.
Title: Hellraiser: Judgment | Genres: horror | Overview: Detectives Sean and David Carter are on the case to find a gruesome serial killer terrorizing the city. Joining forces with Detective Christine Egerton, they dig deeper into a spiraling maze of horror that may not be of this world.
Title: Sniper: Legacy | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: After several military leaders are assassinated, Brandon hears his father was one of the people killed. As he hunts the killers, Brandon learns his father is not dead, and he is being used as bait.
Title: Lesbian Vampire Killers | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: With their women having been enslaved by a pack of lesbian vampires, the remaining menfolk of a rural town send two hapless young lads out onto the moors as a sacrifice.
Title: The Last Starfighter | Genres: adventure, science fiction, action | Overview: A video game expert Alex Rogan finds himself transported to another planet after conquering The Last Starfighter video game only to find out it was just a test. He was recruited to join the team of best Starfighters to defend their world from the attack.
Title: Carjacked | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A single mom and her child are carjacked by a bank robber who has no intention of letting them go.
Title: Mediterraneo | Genres: comedy, romance, war | Overview: Greek Sea, World War II. An Italian ship leaves a handful of soldiers in a little island; their mission is to spot enemy ships and to hold the island in case of attack. The village of the island seems abandoned and there isn't a single enemy in sight, so the soldiers begin to relax a little. Things change when their ship is hit and destroyed by the enemy, and the soldiers find themselves abandoned there.
Title: Dead Rising: Watchtower | Genres: horror, science fiction, action | Overview: A group of people fight to survive in a zombie infested town.
Title: Before We Go | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A woman who is robbed on her way to catch the 1:30 train to Boston is left stranded in New York City. She meets a man who helps her during the course of the night and the two form a romance.
Title: HOUBA! On the Trail of the Marsupilami | Genres: adventure, comedy, family | Overview: When reporter Dan Geraldo (Alain Chabat) arrives in Palombia to hunt for a scoop, he never suspects that he is about to make an incredible discovery... With his resourceful local guide Pablito (Jamel Debbouze), D an has one surprise after another during a thrilling adventure that allows him to bring the world some spectacular news: the Marsupilami, a mythical and mischievous animal, really does exist! You too will believe in furry tails!
Title: Excision | Genres: drama, horror | Overview: Alienated teen Pauline struggles with the pressures of fitting into high school, pleasing her mother and a burning desire to lose her virginity. With a grotesque curiosity for the darker side of life, Pauline is considered a social outcast by everyone around her. Enticed by flesh, she retreats into her own fantasies and hopes to become a great surgeon - that is, if she doesn't go insane first.
Title: Man of the House | Genres: comedy, action | Overview: Texas Ranger Roland Sharp is assigned to protect the only witnesses to the murder of a key figure in the prosecution of a drug kingpin -- a group of University of Texas cheerleaders. Sharp must now go undercover as an assistant cheerleading coach and move in with the young women.
Title: Priceless | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: A beautiful young gold-digger mistakes a lowly hotel clerk as a rich and therefore worthwhile catch.
Title: X-Men Origins: Wolverine | Genres: adventure, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: After seeking to live a normal life, Logan sets out to avenge the death of his girlfriend by undergoing the mutant Weapon X program and becoming Wolverine.
Title: Going for Gold | Genres: drama, family | Overview: Seventeen year old, Emma joins a high school cheerleading team when she moves to Australia with her dad who is a former Air Force Officer.
Title: Crayon Shin-chan: Fierceness That Invites Storm! The Adult Empire Strikes Back | Genres: animation, comedy | Overview: Shin-chan must rescue the adults of Kasukabe when they mysteriously abandon their responsibilities to relive their youth at the new 20th-century expo.
Title: Have a Little Faith | Genres: drama, tv movie | Overview: At age 82, Mitch Albom's former rabbi Albert Lewis wants the famous Detroit sportswriter to give his eulogy when the time comes. Albom makes a visit to his former home town in New Jersey, where Rabbi Lewis has served a congregation for about 50 years. Albom doesn't feel worthy, especially since he is no longer a practicing Jew and, in fact, he has married a Christian (who apparently isn't active either). Nevertheless, Rabbi Lewis says he is the one to do the job, and over the next eight years, Albom makes several visits back home and even attends some Sabbath services, where the good rabbi is determined to continue working and inspiring his flock even as his health declines.
Title: Body of Evidence | Genres: drama, thriller, romance | Overview: When an elderly millionaire is found dead with cocaine in his system, his will leaves $8 million to Rebecca Carlson, who was having an affair with him. District attorney Robert Garrett decides to prosecute Rebecca, arguing that she deliberately engaged in wild sex with the old man to overexcite him and lead to his premature death. Defense attorney Frank Dulaney defends Rebecca in court while getting sucked into a dangerous affair with her.
Title: Gloria Bell | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Gloria is a free-spirited divorcée who spends her days at a straight-laced office job and her nights on the dance floor, joyfully letting loose at clubs around Los Angeles. After meeting Arnold on a night out, she finds herself thrust into an unexpected new romance, filled with both the joys of budding love and the complications of dating, identity, and family.
Title: Death Saved My Life | Genres: thriller, tv movie | Overview: On the surface it seems Jade has it all, including a successful marketing career, a husband admired and respected in the community, and a young daughter they both dote on. However, behind closed doors, her life is far from perfect.
Title: House at the End of the Street | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A mother and daughter move to a new town and find themselves living next door to a house where a young girl murdered her parents. When the daughter befriends the surviving son, she learns the story is far from over.
Title: All Quiet on the Western Front | Genres: drama, war | Overview: A young soldier faces profound disillusionment in the soul-destroying horror of World War I. Together with several other young German soldiers, he experiences the horrors of war, such evil of which he had not conceived of when signing up to fight. They eventually become sad, tormented, and confused of their purpose.
Title: Suck Me Shakespeer 3 | Genres: comedy | Overview: This is the politically incorrect third and final part of the now famously successful trilogy, where Mr. Müller and his problem kids Chantal, Danger and Co. once again take up arms against their sworn enemy, the German education system.
"Title: The Bodyguard | Genres: action | Overview: Wu-Lin is the successor of an ancient, once powerful Chinese clan, the ""Iron Feet."" After the death of his master, Wu-Lin leaves his rural village for the City of Stone-Cold looking for his fellow apprentice Jiang Li. Along the way, he becomes the bodyguard of Fei-Fei, the daughter of Jia-Shan Li, the richest family in the city, and quickly gets drawn into a mob war in order to protect her."
Title: Come and Find Me | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: When his girlfriend goes missing, David must track down her whereabouts after he realizes she's not who she was pretending to be.
Title: Cruising | Genres: crime, mystery, thriller, horror | Overview: A serial killer brutally slays and dismembers several gay men in New York's S&M and leather districts. The young police officer Steve Burns is sent undercover onto the streets as a decoy for the murderer. Working almost completely isolated from his department, he has to learn and practice the complex rules and signals of this little society.
Title: Puppet Master | Genres: horror, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Toulon, a puppet maker, discovers an ancient Egyptian potion and uses it to bring his creations to life. His puppets become murderous little demons and escape. Distraught, the master takes his life. Years later, psychics tune into the existence of the monstrous marionettes and set off to stop them.
Title: Big Top Scooby-Doo! | Genres: family, animation, comedy, mystery | Overview: When Scooby and the gang hear of a werewolf plaguing a traveling circus, they go undercover as circus performers to get to the bottom.
"Title: Midnight Express | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: Billy Hayes is caught attempting to smuggle drugs out of Turkey. The Turkish courts decide to make an example of him, sentencing him to more than 30 years in prison. Hayes has two opportunities for release: the appeals made by his lawyer, his family, and the American government, or the ""Midnight Express""."
Title: Flesh + Blood | Genres: adventure, drama | Overview: A band of medieval mercenaries take revenge on a noble lord who decides not to pay them by kidnapping the betrothed of the noble's son. As the plague and warfare cut a swathe of destruction throughout the land, the mercenaries hole up in a castle and await their fate.
Title: Crazy Love | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: What was supposed to be summer school in England becomes an adventurous exotic and romantic journey for a beautiful teenage girl. [from the Tai Seng Catalog] A nice story of a free-sprited (or, depending on your viewpoint, prick-teasing) young woman on a short journey of discovery.
Title: Boarding School | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: When troubled 12-year-old Jacob Felsen is sent away to boarding school, he enters every kid’s worst nightmare: a creepy old mansion, deserted except for six other teenage misfits and two menacing and mysterious teachers. As events become increasingly horrific, Jacob must conquer his fears to find the strength to survive.
Title: Girls Gone Dead | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: A group of six ex-high school cheerleaders are stalked by a killer with a medieval war hammer and battle axe during their first Spring Break from college.
Title: Blood Quantum | Genres: horror | Overview: The dead are coming back to life outside the isolated Mi'kmaq reserve of Red Crow, except for its Indigenous inhabitants who are strangely immune to the zombie plague.
Title: Godzilla, Mothra and King Ghidorah: Giant Monsters All-Out Attack | Genres: action, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: Godzilla has become a distant memory for Japan when the destruction of a US submarine raises alarms for Admiral Tachibana. His estranged daughter Yuri investigates the legend of the guardian monsters, who must rise to protect Japan against the vengeful spirits within Godzilla that seek to destroy both the nation and its people for the suffering they inflicted in the Pacific conflict.
Title: Queen & Slim | Genres: drama, romance, crime | Overview: While on a forgettable first date together in Ohio, a black man and a black woman are pulled over for a minor traffic infraction. The situation escalates, with sudden and tragic results.
Title: The Darkness | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A family returns from a Grand Canyon vacation with a supernatural presence in tow.
Title: The Rocker | Genres: comedy, music | Overview: In the 1980s, a drummer is abandoned by his band just before they become rock superstars. Twenty years later, the drummer sees his second chance at stardom arise when he is asked to perform with his teenage nephew's high school rock band.
Title: Raising Arizona | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: When a childless couple of an ex-con and an ex-cop decide to help themselves to one of another family's quintuplets, their lives become more complicated than they anticipated.
Title: Batman Unlimited: Mechs vs. Mutants | Genres: animation, action, science fiction | Overview: Mr. Freeze turns Killer Croc and Bane into super-sized monsters, and they bash their way through downtown Gotham until the Caped Crusader and his team of heroes join the fight in their giant robot mechs.
Title: Sapphire Blue | Genres: fantasy, romance, science fiction, drama, adventure, family | Overview: Gwen has just discovered, that she's the final member of the secret time-traveling Circle of Twelve. Now she has to juggle with constant trips to the past, her relationships with Gideon and figuring out dark secrets surrounding the Circle.
Title: Deliver Us from Evil | Genres: action | Overview: A retired contract killer goes on a bloody rampage when a young girl finds herself at the mercy of gangland human traffickers and only one man can come to her rescue, with an arsenal of weapons and years of experience in the art of killing.
Title: The International | Genres: action, thriller, drama, crime | Overview: An interpol agent and an attorney are determined to bring one of the world's most powerful banks to justice. Uncovering money laundering, arms trading, and conspiracy to destabilize world governments, their investigation takes them from Berlin, Milan, New York and Istanbul. Finding themselves in a chase across the globe, their relentless tenacity puts their own lives at risk.
Title: Fyre | Genres: documentary, tv movie | Overview: He promised supermodels and yachts, but delivered tents and cheese sandwiches. How one man engineered a music festival disaster.
Title: Hanging Up | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: A trio of sisters bond over their ambivalence toward the approaching death of their curmudgeonly father, to whom none of them was particularly close.
Title: High Sierra | Genres: action, adventure, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Given a pardon from jail, Roy Earle gets back into the swing of things as he robs a swanky resort.
Title: Cadillac Records | Genres: drama, history, music | Overview: The story of sex, violence, race and rock and roll in 1950s Chicago, and the exciting but turbulent lives of some of America's musical legends, including Muddy Waters, Leonard Chess, Little Walter, Howlin' Wolf, Etta James and Chuck Berry.
Title: The Constant Gardener | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Justin Quayle is a low-level British diplomat who has always gone about his work very quietly, not causing any problems. But after his radical wife Tessa is killed he becomes determined to find out why, thrusting himself into the middle of a very dangerous conspiracy.
"Title: Our Brand Is Crisis | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Based on the documentary ""Our Brand Is Crisis"", this feature focuses on the use of American political campaign strategies in South America."
Title: When Angels Sleep | Genres: thriller, crime | Overview: Germán, an honest family man, sees how his whole world wobbles the night when, driving home, accidentally runs over two teenage girls. From that moment, Germán will have to do everything in his power to prevent his life from being destroyed forever.
Title: 55 Steps | Genres: drama | Overview: 55 Steps is based a the inspiring true story of Eleanor Riese, a mental illness patient herself, who brings a class action suit to give competent mental patients the right to have a say in their medication while they’re in a hospital, and Colette Hughes, the lawyer appointed to her case.
Title: Sideshow | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: When two inept criminals break into the home of a washed-up psychic in search of hidden loot, they get a lot more than they bargained for.
Title: Jurassic Galaxy | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure | Overview: In the near future, a ship of space explorers crash land on an unknown planet. They're soon met with some of their worst fears as they discover the planet is inhabited by monstrous dinosaurs.
Title: Noelle | Genres: family, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Kris Kringle's daughter, Noelle, sets off on a mission to find and bring back her brother, after he gets cold feet when it's his turn to take over as Santa.
Title: Night of the Demons | Genres: horror | Overview: Angela is throwing a decadent Halloween party at New Orleans' infamous Broussard Mansion. But after the police break up the festivities, Maddie and a few friends stay behind. Trapped inside the locked mansion gates, the remaining guests uncover a horrifying secret and soon fall victim to seven vicious, blood-thirsty demons.
Title: Lords of Chaos | Genres: drama, music, horror, thriller | Overview: A teenager's quest to launch Norwegian Black Metal in Oslo in the 1990s results in a very violent outcome.
Title: Desperate Measures | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: San Francisco police officer Frank Connor is in a frantic search for a compatible bone marrow donor for his gravely ill son. There's only one catch the potential donor is convicted multiple murderer Peter McCabe who sees a trip to the hospital as the perfect opportunity to get what he wants most: freedom. With McCabe's escape, the entire hospital becomes a battleground and Connor must pursue and, ironically, protect the deadly fugitive who is his son's only hope for survival.
Title: Something's Gotta Give | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: Harry Sanborn is an aged music industry exec with a fondness for younger women like Marin, his latest trophy girlfriend. Things get a little awkward when Harry suffers a heart attack at the home of Marin's mother, Erica. Left in the care of Erica and his doctor, a love triangle starts to take shape.
Title: M*A*S*H | Genres: comedy, drama, war | Overview: The staff of a Korean War field hospital use humor and high jinks to keep their sanity in the face of the horror of war.
Title: Unsane | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A woman is involuntarily committed to a mental institution where she is confronted by her greatest fear.
Title: Burn the Stage: The Movie | Genres: documentary, music | Overview: Burn the Stage: The Movie is the first movie from BTS, going behind-the-scenes of the BTS WINGS TOUR to reveal the full story of the band’s meteoric rise to fame. This unmissable cinema event provides an intimate look at what happens when the most successful global boyband of all time breaks down barriers and invades the mainstream music scene. Exclusive tour footage and brand-new one-on-one interviews with BTS members give fans an unprecedented glimpse into their lives and an opportunity for everyone to celebrate together in movie theaters worldwide.
Title: Wildcats | Genres: comedy | Overview: Molly is a high school track coach who knows just as much about football as anyone else on the planet. When a football coach's position becomes vacant, she applies for the job, despite snickers from fellow staff members and her former husband.
Title: The Disappearance of Alice Creed | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A rich man's daughter is held captive in an abandoned apartment by two former convicts who abducted her and hold her ransom in exchange for her father's money.
Title: Eating Out: The Open Weekend | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Sexy couple Zack and Benji decide to have an “open” weekend to partake in the smorgasbord of available men on their vacation to a gay getaway in Palm Springs. When Zack runs into his ex-boyfriend Casey at the resort, they both do their best to look like they are having a good time. How could they not, when they are surrounded by cute, frisky guys with six-packs and very little clothing?
Title: Chasers | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Military men Rock Reilly and Eddie Devane are tasked with taking a prisoner, blonde bombshell Toni Johnson, on what becomes an unforgettable road trip. Toni, an enlistee who's in trouble for deserting her unit, soon proves that she's craftier than most inmates.
Title: Rescue Dawn | Genres: adventure, drama, war | Overview: A US Fighter pilot's epic struggle of survival after being shot down on a mission over Laos during the Vietnam War.
Title: Kajillionaire | Genres: crime, drama, comedy | Overview: Two con artists have spent 26 years training their only daughter to swindle, scam and steal at every turn. During a desperate and hastily conceived heist, they charm a stranger into joining them, only to have their entire world turned upside down.
Title: Saint☆Young Men | Genres: animation, comedy | Overview: Jesus Christ and Gautama Buddha, the founders of Christianity and Buddhism, are living together as roommates in a Tokyo apartment while taking a vacation on Earth. The comedy often involves jokes about Christianity, Buddhism, and all things related, as well as the main characters' attempts to hide their identities and understand modern society in Japan.
Title: The Land Before Time III: The Time of the Great Giving | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: Littlefoot and his young friends Cera, Ducky and Spike are being harassed by a group of older dinosaurs led by Hyp. When a meteorite strikes nearby, it causes a drought. The resulting scarcity of resources creates animosity among the different species in the Great Valley. Littlefoot and his crew resolve to venture forth to find a solution - as does Hyp and his gang. Will the groups learn to cooperate, or will their rivalry destroy them?
Title: Leave No Trace | Genres: drama | Overview: A father and daughter live a perfect but mysterious existence in Forest Park, a beautiful nature reserve near Portland, Oregon, rarely making contact with the world. But when a small mistake tips them off to authorities, they are sent on an increasingly erratic journey in search of a place to call their own.
Title: Air Bud: Spikes Back | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Air Bud finds that he has the uncanny ability to play volleyball.
Title: Dedicated to my ex | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: The film tells the story of Ariel, a 21-year-old who decides to form a rock band to compete for a prize of ten thousand dollars in a musical band contest, this as a last option when trying to get money to save their relationship and reunite with his ex-girlfriend, which breaks due to the trip she must make to Finland for an internship. Ariel with her friend Ortega, decides to make a casting to find the other members of the band, although they do not know nothing about music, thus forming a band with members that have diverse and opposite personalities.
Title: Panama | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: An ex-marine is hired by a defense contractor to travel to Panama to complete an arms deal. In the process he becomes involved with the U.S. invasion of Panama, and learns an important lesson about the true nature of political power.
Title: Restraint | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Two fugitives land in hot water when they take a hostage who poses a threat to their well-being.
Title: Le Divorce | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: While visiting her sister in Paris, a young woman finds romance and learns her brother-in-law is a philanderer.
Title: The Toll | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A socially awkward driver and a weary passenger try to make it to their destination while being haunted by a supernatural threat.
Title: Syriana | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: The Middle Eastern oil industry is the backdrop of this tense drama, which weaves together numerous story lines. Bennett Holiday is an American lawyer in charge of facilitating a dubious merger of oil companies, while Bryan Woodman, a Switzerland-based energy analyst, experiences both personal tragedy and opportunity during a visit with Arabian royalty. Meanwhile, veteran CIA agent Bob Barnes uncovers an assassination plot with unsettling origins.
Title: 3 Ninjas: High Noon at Mega Mountain | Genres: family, action, comedy | Overview: Three young boys, Rocky, Colt and Tum Tum together with their neighbor girl, computer whiz Amanda are visiting Mega Mountain amusement park when it is invaded by an army of ninjas led by evil Medusa, who wants to take over the park and hold the owners for ransom. Kids and retired TV star Dave Dragon, who made his farewell appearance at the park at the time the ninjas appeared, have to break Medusa's vicious plans.
"Title: Stuck on You | Genres: comedy | Overview: In Martha's Vineyard, Mass., conjoined twins Walt and Bob Tenor make the best of their handicap by being the fastest grill cooks in town. While outgoing Walt hopes to one day become a famous actor, shy Bob prefers to stay out of the spotlight. When a fading Hollywood actress, Cher, decides to get her show ""Honey and the Beaze"" cancelled, she hires Walt -- and his brotherly appendage -- as her costars. But their addition surprisingly achieves the opposite."
Title: The Return of Swamp Thing | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: The Swamp Thing returns to battle the evil Dr. Arcane, who has a new science lab full of creatures transformed by genetic mutation, and chooses Heather Locklear as his new object of affection.
"Title: Rubber | Genres: comedy, drama, fantasy, horror, mystery | Overview: A group of people gather in the California desert to watch a ""film"" set in the late 1990s featuring a sentient, homicidal car tire named Robert. The assembled crowd of onlookers watch as Robert becomes obsessed with a beautiful and mysterious woman and goes on a rampage through a desert town."
Title: Furry Vengeance | Genres: family, comedy, fantasy | Overview: When real estate developer Dan Sanders finalizes plans to level a swath of pristine Oregon forest to make way for a soulless housing subdivision, a band of woodland creatures rises up to throw a monkey wrench into the greedy scheme. Just how much mischief from the furry critters can the businessman take before he calls it quits?
Title: The River Wild | Genres: adventure, action, crime, thriller | Overview: While on a family vacation, rafting expert Gail takes on a pair of armed killers while navigating a spectacularly violent river.
Title: Azumi 2: Death or Love | Genres: action | Overview: Young assassins Azumi and Nagara continue their mission to prevent a civil war. In their hunt for Masayuki Sanada, who is protected by both an army and a dangerous clan, they meet Ginkaku, a person who shows a remarking resemblance with former friend Nachi.
Title: The Key to Sex | Genres: comedy | Overview: When brainy office assistant Simon is left in charge of the boss's Hollywood mansion, the weekend becomes an opportunity of a lifetime. Entrusted by power-hungry movie producer Alan to guard the estate, Simon thinks he's finally made the grade until he learns that his friends and co-workers have their own plans for the place...
Title: I Don't Like Younger Men 4 | Genres: romance | Overview: Thanks to her wealthy father, Yoo-jin runs a coffee shop. One day she runs into childhood friend Mi-ae on the streets and they have a good time catching up. Mi-ae is currently unemployed and helps Yoo-jin at the coffee shop. Min-soo stops by the café to see his daughter, but realizes he feels rather too fond of Mi-ae, who welcomes him.
Title: Curse of the Pink Panther | Genres: crime, comedy | Overview: Inspector Clouseau disappears, and the Surete wants the world's second best detective to look for him. However, Clouseau's enemy, Dreyfus, rigs the Surete's computer to select, instead, the world's WORST detective, NYPD Sgt. Clifton Sleigh. Sleigh obtusely bungles his way past assassins and corrupt officials as though he were Clouseau's American cousin.
Title: Requiem for a Dream | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: The hopes and dreams of four ambitious people are shattered when their drug addictions begin spiraling out of control. A look into addiction and how it overcomes the mind and body.
Title: Assault on Precinct 13 | Genres: action, crime, thriller, drama | Overview: On New Year's Eve, inside a police station that's about to be closed for good, officer Jake Roenick must cobble together a force made up cops and criminals to save themselves from a mob looking to kill mobster Marion Bishop.
Title: Back of the Net | Genres: drama, family | Overview: A new student at a soccer academy is determined to beat her rival's team in the national tournament.
Title: Battle of the Sexes | Genres: comedy, drama, history | Overview: The true story of the 1973 tennis match between World number one Billie Jean King and ex-champ and serial hustler Bobby Riggs.
Title: Windstorm 2 | Genres: adventure, drama, family, romance | Overview: Summer vacation. Mika is overjoyed to see Windstorm again. But then she discovers strange wounds on the belly of Windstorm, for which no one has an explanation. Yet this is Kaltenbach verge of bankruptcy! With a heavy heart Mika decides to participate in a variety tournament in which beckons a high prize money. But during training affects Windstorm distracted, often he runs away easily. Mika pursued the black stallion until deep into the forest and is quite surprised: From the thicket a seemingly magical gray mare appears and the two horses dance around lovingly. Suddenly, a strange boy named Milan appears, who says the mare had escaped him. He claimed that he could Help Mika to win the tournament. But is there still time to save Kaltenbach?
Title: The Garden of Sinners – Chapter 2: A Study in Murder (Part 1) | Genres: animation, action, crime | Overview: August 1995: Mikiya first meets Shiki in a white kimono during a snowing day. Later on, at the high school freshmen ceremony, Mikiya sees Shiki in the crowd and chases after her, introducing himself to her. But Shiki hides a big secret: A wave of bizarre murders occur around many loose ends, and no suspects. there are still many questions: Who to believe? Who is the murderer? What is the secret of Shiki? and especially: Who is SHIKI?
Title: ClownTown | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Whilst on their way to a concert four friends get sidetracked and stranded in a seemingly abandoned town and whilst looking for help find themselves stalked and terrorised by a gang of violent clown dressed psychopaths who will stop at nothing ensnaring them into their sinister blood thirsty games.
Title: Multiplicity | Genres: comedy, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Construction worker Doug Kinney finds that the pressures of his working life, combined with his duties to his wife Laura and daughter Jennifer leaves him with little time for himself. However, he is approached by geneticist Dr. Owen Leeds, who offers Doug a rather unusual solution to his problems: cloning.
Title: The Way | Genres: adventure, comedy, drama | Overview: When his son dies while hiking the famed Camino de Santiago pilgrimage route in the Pyrenees, Tom flies to France to claim the remains. Looking for insights into his estranged child’s life, he decides to complete the 500-mile mountain trek to Spain. Tom soon joins up with other travelers and realizes they’re all searching for something.
Title: The Nutty Professor | Genres: comedy, family, romance, science fiction | Overview: A timid, nearsighted chemistry teacher discovers a magical potion that can transform him into a suave and handsome Romeo. The Jekyll and Hyde game works well enough until the concoction starts to wear off at the most embarrassing times.
Title: The Place Promised in Our Early Days | Genres: animation, adventure, drama, romance, science fiction | Overview: In a post-war alternative timeline, Japan is divided into the North, controlled by the Union, and the South, controlled by the United States. A mysterious high tower rises within the borders of the Union. Three high school students promise to cross the border with a self-built airplane and unravel the secret of the tower.
Title: Wilde | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The story of Oscar Wilde, genius, poet, playwright and the First Modern Man. The self-realisation of his homosexuality caused Wilde enormous torment as he juggled marriage, fatherhood and responsibility with his obsessive love for Lord Alfred Douglas.
"Title: Dazed and Confused | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: The adventures of a group of Texas teens on their last day of school in 1976, centering on student Randall Floyd, who moves easily among stoners, jocks and geeks. Floyd is a star athlete, but he also likes smoking weed, which presents a conundrum when his football coach demands he sign a ""no drugs"" pledge."
Title: The Photographer of Mauthausen | Genres: drama, history, thriller | Overview: Spanish photographer Francesc Boix, imprisoned in the Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camp, works in the SS Photographic Service. Between 1943 and 1945, he hides, with the help of other prisoners, thousands of negatives, with the purpose of showing the freed world the atrocities committed by the Nazis, exhaustively documented. He will be a key witness during the Nuremberg Trials.
Title: CBGB | Genres: drama, music | Overview: A look at New York's dynamic punk rock scene through the lens of the ground-breaking Lower East Side club started by eccentric Hilly Kristal in 1973 which launched thousands of bands.
Title: The Night of the Generals | Genres: action, crime, drama, mystery, thriller, war | Overview: An unusual World War II crime thriller about a Nazi investigation into the murder of a prostitute. Major Grau finds himself focusing on three suspects: the Generals Tanz, Kahlenberg and Seydlitz-Gabler – all three of whom, it seems, are also involved in a plot to kill Hitler
Title: Rampant | Genres: action, horror, drama, fantasy | Overview: Ancient Korea, 17th century. While the paranoid King Lee Jo of Joseon, vassal of the Qing dynasty, feels surrounded by conspirators and rebels, a dark evil emerges from the bowels of a merchant ship and the exiled Prince Lee Cheung returns to the royal court, ignoring that he will have to lead the few capable of defeating the ambitious humans and the bloody monsters who threaten to destroy the kingdom.
Title: Tyrannosaur | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The story of Joseph, a man plagued by violence and a rage that is driving him to self-destruction. As Joseph's life spirals into turmoil a chance of redemption appears in the form of Hannah, a Christian charity shop worker. Their relationship develops to reveal that Hannah is hiding a secret of her own with devastating results on both of their lives.
Title: Metallica: Through the Never | Genres: music | Overview: Trip, a young roadie for Metallica, is sent on an urgent mission during the band's show. But what seems like a simple assignment turns into a surreal adventure.
Title: The Squad | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: The air is thick with tension as a military squad proceeds to the foot of a mountain base, where they're ordered to wait for backup and hold their position. The mountain is shrouded in fog and the men are exhausted. They've been fighting guerrillas on enemy turf for some time, and they're worn down by the stress and anxiety of battle. The men don't want to wait; they want to charge up the hill, fearing that their comrades in the base have been overrun by the guerrillas. The squad's leader tries futilely to keep his men in line while dealing with his insolent second-in-command.
Title: The Void | Genres: mystery, horror, science fiction | Overview: In the middle of a routine patrol, officer Daniel Carter happens upon a blood-soaked figure limping down a deserted stretch of road. He rushes the young man to a nearby rural hospital staffed by a skeleton crew, only to discover that patients and personnel are transforming into something inhuman. As the horror intensifies, Carter leads the other survivors on a hellish voyage into the subterranean depths of the hospital in a desperate bid to end the nightmare before it's too late.
Title: Going Places | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Two whimsical, aimless thugs harass and assault women, steal, murder, and alternately charm, fight, or sprint their way out of trouble. They take whatever the bourgeoisie holds dear, whether it’s cars, peace of mind, or daughters. Marie-Ange, a jaded, passive hairdresser, joins them as lover, cook, and mother confessor. She’s on her own search for seemingly unattainable sexual pleasure.
Title: Contract Killer | Genres: action, comedy, thriller | Overview: Financially troubled, a newbie hitman reluctantly takes the job of finding the plotted killer of a Japanese tycoon.
Title: LEGO DC Comics Super Heroes Batman Be-Leaguered | Genres: action, adventure, animation, family, comedy | Overview: Superman wants Batman to join his new superhero team, but Batman prides himself on being a self-sufficient loner.
Title: My Friend Dahmer | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Jeffrey Dahmer struggles with a difficult family life as a young boy. During his teenage years he slowly transforms, edging closer to the serial killer he was to become.
Title: Young Aunt | Genres: romance | Overview: Jung-hoon manages to get into a university in the outskirst of the city after years of trying, but he can't find a place to stay so he stays at his aunt's house. Ji-hyun runs a shopping mall with her friend Eun-young. Jung-hoon arrives at Ji-hyun's house with just an address and runs into Eun-young who happens to be completely naked.
Title: Leatherheads | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: A light hearted comedy about the beginnings of Professional American Football. When a decorated war hero and college all star is tempted into playing professional football. Everyone see the chance to make some big money, but when a reporter digs up some dirt on the war hero... everyone could lose out.
Title: Before Sunset | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Nine years later, Jesse travels across Europe giving readings from a book he wrote about the night he spent in Vienna with Celine. After his reading in Paris, Celine finds him, and they spend part of the day together before Jesse has to again leave for a flight. They are both in relationships now, and Jesse has a son, but as their strong feelings for each other start to return, both confess a longing for more.
Title: Dorm Daze 2 | Genres: comedy | Overview: The gang from Dorm Daze is back, but this time they're on a cruise ship on a tropical voyage through the high seas. The cruise makes an educational stop at the island of San Paradiso, where the students are supposed to explore an important archaeological site. Things go from normal to crazy as their visit coincides with every other college's spring break. The moment the boat docks, classes are over! For these Billingsley students, their Semester at Sea will be an adventure no one will ever forget.
Title: Creep | Genres: horror | Overview: Looking for work, Aaron comes across a cryptic online ad: “$1,000 for the day. Filming service. Discretion is appreciated.” Low on cash and full of naiveté, he decides to go for it. He drives to a cabin in a remote mountain town where he meets Josef, his cinematic subject for the day. Josef is sincere and the project seems heartfelt, so Aaron begins to film. But as the day goes on, it becomes clear that Josef is not who he says, and his intentions are not at all pure.
Title: Paid in Full | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: Ace is an impressionable young man working for a dry cleaning business. His friend, drug dealer Mitch goes to prison. In an unrelated incident, he finds some cocaine in a pants pocket. Soon, Ace finds himself dealing cocaine for Lulu. Via lucky breaks and solid interpersonal skills, Ace moves to the top of the Harlem drug world. Of course, unfaithful employees and/or rivals conspire to bring about Ace's fall.
Title: Otis | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: After being captured and tortured by the psychopath Otis, teen cheerleader Riley Lawson escapes and informs her parents, who quickly sidestep sluggish FBI agents and take matters into their own hands. But the Lawsons' revenge plan hits a snag when Otis's unusual brother enters the picture.
Title: Digimon Tamers: Runaway Locomon | Genres: animation | Overview: Six months after the D-Reaper was destroyed, the Tamers are planning to throw Rika a surprise party, but Rika finds out. Suddenly a train-Digimon named Locomon begins to race around the tracks, causing havoc. The Tamers respond to this, as Takato digivolves Guilmon into Growlmon to stop the train Digimon but fails as Takato, Rika and Renamon get on it in an attempt to slow it down. The others, excluding Suzie, use a freight train to catch up with Locomon
Title: Dreamscape | Genres: adventure, science fiction, horror | Overview: A government funded project looks into using psychics to enter people's dreams, with some mechanical help. When a subject dies in their sleep from a heart attack, Alex Gardner becomes suspicious that another of the psychics is killing people in the dreams somehow and that is causing them to die in real life. He must find a way to stop the abuse of the power to enter dreams.
Title: Into the Forest | Genres: drama, science fiction | Overview: In the not too distant future, two young women who live in a remote ancient forest discover the world around them is on the brink of an apocalypse. Informed only by rumor, they fight intruders, disease, loneliness & starvation.
Title: Case Closed: Countdown to Heaven | Genres: crime, animation, action, mystery, drama | Overview: As a pair of towers in Tokyo are being prepared for their grand opening, there is a series of murders of people connected to the towers. Conan suspects that the mysterious Syndicate may also be involved.
Title: Funny Face | Genres: music, comedy, romance | Overview: A shy Greenwich Village book clerk is discovered by a fashion photographer and whisked off to Paris where she becomes a reluctant model.
Title: Titanic | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Unhappily married, Julia Sturges decides to go to America with her two children on the Titanic. Her husband, Richard also arranges passage on the luxury liner so as to have custody of their two children. All this fades to insignificance once the ship hits an iceberg.
Title: Eat, Play, Love | Genres: comedy, romance, tv movie | Overview: Veterinarian Dr. Carly Monroe makes it a habit to stop by the local dog shelter as often as possible because she loves dogs and secretly loves the shelter’s owner, Dan. Unfortunately, he has agreed to marry his glamorous TV personality girlfriend and move to the Big Apple. With Dan’s big move looming, his sister decides to take matters into her own hands.
Title: Fast Five | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: Former cop Brian O'Conner partners with ex-con Dom Toretto on the opposite side of the law. Since Brian and Mia Toretto broke Dom out of custody, they've blown across many borders to elude authorities. Now backed into a corner in Rio de Janeiro, they must pull one last job in order to gain their freedom.
Title: Dangerous Lies | Genres: thriller | Overview: After losing her waitressing job, Katie Franklin takes a job as a caretaker to a wealthy elderly man in his sprawling, empty Chicago estate. The two grow close, but when he unexpectedly passes away and names Katie as his sole heir, she and her husband Adam are pulled into a complex web of lies, deception, and murder. If she's going to survive, Katie will have to question everyone's motives — even the people she loves.
Title: The Muppet Movie | Genres: comedy, adventure, music, family | Overview: A Hollywood agent persuades Kermit the Frog to pursue a career in Hollywood. On his way there he meets his future muppet crew while being chased by the desperate owner of a frog-leg restaurant!
Title: Hajime no Ippo - Mashiba vs. Kimura | Genres: animation, comedy, drama, action | Overview: Kimura finally has his championship match. It takes place at the annual champion carnival. But now he must face the intense champion, Mashiba for the Junior Lightweight championship.
Title: In a Better World | Genres: drama | Overview: The lives of two Danish families cross each other, and an extraordinary but risky friendship comes into bud. But loneliness, frailty and sorrow lie in wait.
Title: Rock Star | Genres: music, drama, comedy | Overview: A wannabe rock star who fronts a Pennsylvania-based tribute band is devastated when his kick him out of the group he founded. Things begin to look up for Izzy when he is asked to join Steel Dragon, the heavy metal rockers he had been imitating for so long. This film is loosely based on the true story of the band Judas Priest.
Title: Who Finds a Friend Finds a Treasure | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: Alan gets a map to some war treasure which the Japanese army left behind on a small Pacific island at the end of World War II. But some gangsters try to steal the map from him and so he hides on Charlie's boat which just leaves the harbor. He manipulates the ship's compass so that Charlie is not aware that he is sailing to the treasure island. But when they step on the island, they discover that it is not as abandoned as they believed: there are some natives - and a Japanese soldier still defending the treasure
Title: American Kamasutra | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A young woman finds herself involved in a dangerous love triangle when she gets involved with the writer of a popular steamy novel.
Title: Devil's Knot | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: The savage murders of three young children sparks a controversial trial of three teenagers accused of killing the kids as part of a satanic ritual.
Title: Doraemon: Nobita's Great Battle of the Mermaid King | Genres: adventure, family, animation | Overview: When Nobita feels like diving in his hometown, Doraemon uses a Underwater Pump Simulator to pump all the water out of Tokyo, causing the entire city to go underwater. That night, Doraemon and Nobita use a Diving Mask Simulator to dive underwater. Later on, lots of fish, and a shark attack Doraemon and Nobita. So, Doraemon puts a stop on the Underwater Pump Simulator, but there is a girl named Sophia, lying down on the bushes in his neighborhood.
Title: Conor McGregor: Notorious | Genres: documentary | Overview: Conor McGregor is the biggest star in the history of Mixed Martial Arts. Filmed over the course of 4 years, Notorious is the exclusive, all-access account of Conor’s meteoric rise from claiming benefits and living in his parents' spare room in Dublin to claiming multiple championship UFC belts and seven figure pay-packets in Las Vegas.
Title: A Most Wanted Man | Genres: thriller | Overview: A Chechen Muslim illegally immigrates to Hamburg and becomes a person of interest for a covert government team which tracks the movements of potential terrorists.
Title: Perfect Sense | Genres: drama, science fiction, romance | Overview: In Glasgow, Scotland, while a mysterious pandemic begins to spread around the world, Susan, a brilliant epidemiologist, falls in love with Michael, a skillful cook.
Title: Beta Test | Genres: thriller, action, science fiction | Overview: While testing the latest first person shooter from global game developer, Sentinel, video game champion Max Troy discovers the events happening within the game are being reflected in the real world. He soon determines that the game's protagonist is real-life Orson Creed, an ex-Sentinel employee who is being remotely controlled by the corporation for reasons unknown. As virtual and real worlds collide, Max and Creed must join forces to unravel the conspiracy before the game's sinister events escalate and overwhelm the city.
"Title: My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2 | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: The continuing adventures of the Portokalos family. A follow-up to the 2002 comedy, ""My Big Fat Greek Wedding."""
Title: Jiang Ziya: The Legend of Deification | Genres: animation, action, fantasy, adventure | Overview: Atop the ruins of war, top commander Jiang Ziya is given the task to banish the Nine-tailed Fox Demon who threatens all mortals' very existence. When he discovers the Nine-tailed Fox's life linked to the soul of an innocent girl, he is faced with a challenging decision: follow the will of heaven or find his own path to righteousness.
Title: House of the Dead | Genres: horror, action, thriller | Overview: Set on an island off the coast, a techno rave party attracts a diverse group of college coeds and a Coast Guard officer. Soon, they discover that their X-laced escapades are to be interrupted by zombies and monsters that attack them on the ground, from the air, and in the sea, ruled by an evil entity in the House of the Dead... Prequel to the House of the Dead video games.
Title: Angel Eyes | Genres: drama, romance, thriller | Overview: A story about a seemingly unlikely couple who cross paths under life-threatening circumstances as though they are destined not only to meet but to save each other's lives. Not once, but twice.
Title: Blackbeard's Ghost | Genres: fantasy, comedy, family | Overview: Peter Ustinov stars as the eponymous wraith, who returns to Earth to aid his descendant, elderly Elsa Lanchester (Stowecroft). The villains want to kick Lanchester and her friends out of their group home so that they can build a crooked casino. Good guy Steve Walker (Jones) gets caught in the middle of the squabble after evoking Blackbeard's ghost.
Title: Knockin' on Heaven's Door | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Two young men, Martin and Rudi, both suffering from terminal cancer, get to know each other in a hospital room. They drown their desperation in tequila and decide to take one last trip to the sea. Drunk and still in pajamas they steal the first fancy car they find, a 60's Mercedes convertible. The car happens to belong to a bunch of gangsters, which immediately start to chase it, since it contains more than the pistol Martin finds in the glove box.
Title: Upon the Magic Roads | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: Romantic John the Fool and his friend Foal set out on a series of unpredictable adventures in different magical worlds. The two buddies will have to outsmart an evil tyrant king, catch the firebird, and find John’s true love.
Title: Trespass | Genres: thriller | Overview: Kyle and Sarah Miller have it all: a huge gated house on the water, fancy cars, and the potential for romance in their relationship. He's just back from a business trip and their teen daughter Avery is sneaking out to a party, when four thugs in security uniforms and ski masks stage a home invasion. They want what's in the safe: cash and diamonds. As Kyle stalls them, trying to negotiate for Sarah's freedom, the fault lines in Kyle and Sarah's marriage and the pasts of the four robbers come into play. Is there room here for heroism?
Title: Once Upon a Time in China and America | Genres: action, western | Overview: So goes to the U.S. to open a martial arts school. Around this time, many Chinese people were sold off to U.S. railroad companies, and were brutally treated by the Americans under the harsh working conditions. Thus, the American workers' hatred towards the Chinese immigrants is high. As a result, So gets into trouble with the Americans and the mob, and calls Master Wong for help.
Title: Serena | Genres: drama | Overview: North Carolina mountains at the end of the 1920s – George and Serena Pemberton, love-struck newly-weds, begin to build a timber empire. Serena soon proves herself to be equal to any man: overseeing loggers, hunting rattle-snakes, even saving a man’s life in the wilderness. With power and influence now in their hands, the Pembertons refuse to let anyone stand in the way of their inflated love and ambitions. However, once Serena discovers George’s hidden past and faces an unchangeable fate of her own, the Pemberton’s passionate marriage begins to unravel leading toward a dramatic reckoning.
Title: QT8: The First Eight | Genres: documentary | Overview: A detailed account of the life and artistic career of legendary filmmaker Quentin Tarantino, from his early days as a video club manager to the scandalous fall in disgrace of producer Harvey Weinstein. A story about how to shoot eight great movies and become an icon of modern pop culture.
Title: The Wiz | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy, music | Overview: Dorothy Gale, a shy kindergarten teacher, is swept away to the magic land of Oz where she embarks on a quest to return home.
"Title: Twilight Zone: The Movie | Genres: fantasy, horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: 1959. Friday nights. We time-travelled. Witnessed surprising twists. Entertained aliens. Experienced fear. And first journeyed to the ""Twilight Zone"" of Rod Serling's memorable TV series. And guided by four imaginative moviemakers, we travelled there again in 1983. Directors John Landis, Steven Spielberg, Joe Dante, and George Miller fashion stories based on or inspired by classic episodes. Landis weaves the tale of a bigot who gets a walloping dose of his own hatred. Spielberg takes over with a fable of senior citizens offered a magical rejuvenation. Dante serves up a terror trip with a child who uses his cartoon-inspired powers to enslave his family. Then fright goes aloft with Miller's finale about a neurotic passenger who sees a monster on the jetliner's wing. Or does he?"
Title: Tank Girl | Genres: action, comedy, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Based on the British cult comic-strip, our tank-riding anti-heroine fights a mega-corporation, which controls the world's water supply.
Title: Of Mice and Men | Genres: drama | Overview: Two drifters, one a gentle but slow giant, try to make money working the fields during the Depression so they can fulfill their dreams.
Title: Doraemon: Nobita and the Birth of Japan | Genres: animation, adventure, fantasy | Overview: This film is a remake of the 1989 Doraemon Movie 10: Nobita no Nippon Tanjou. Nobita and the gang run away from home, traveling back in time to 70,000 years ago before Japan was even born. After a while, they return to the present. However, when they bump into a young caveman, Kukuru, who they have accidentally transported forward to their current era, they realize they must take him back to the primitive age. On top of that, they will have to save Kukuru's tribe, called the Hikari tribe, which was attacked and abducted by the Giganzonbie and Kurayami tribe.
Title: The Woman | Genres: drama, horror | Overview: A lawyer puts his family in jeopardy when he captures the last member of a violent clan and tries to forcibly tame her.
Title: Earth Girls Are Easy | Genres: comedy, science fiction | Overview: In this musical comedy, Valerie is dealing with her philandering fiancé, Ted, when she finds that a trio of aliens have crashed their spaceship into her swimming pool. Once the furry beings are shaved at her girlfriend's salon, the women discover three handsome men underneath. After absorbing the native culture via television, the spacemen are ready to hit the dating scene in 1980s Los Angeles.
Title: Blood Moon | Genres: western, horror | Overview: A stagecoach full of passengers and an enigmatic gunslinger are held hostage by two outlaws on the run from the law but events take an unexpected turn when the travelers are stalked by a mythical beast that only appears on the night of a blood red moon.
Title: Becoming Jane | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: A biographical portrait of a pre-fame Jane Austen and her romance with a young Irishman.
Title: By the Sea | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Set in France during the mid-1970s, Vanessa, a former dancer, and her husband Roland, an American writer, travel the country together. They seem to be growing apart, but when they linger in one quiet, seaside town they begin to draw close to some of its more vibrant inhabitants, such as a local bar/café-keeper and a hotel owner.
"Title: Father There Is Only One | Genres: comedy | Overview: Javier is what we have dubbed as a ""husband-in-law."" That is that without taking care of the care of the house and children at all, he knows exactly what needs to be done, and that he continuously collects a sum of sentences from the type: ""It is that you do not organize"", or ""do not get nervous"", you already consider that overflowing woman drowns in a glass of water. Javier will have to face the reality of dealing with five children (between four and twelve years old) when his wife decides to go on a trip and leave him alone with them. The chaotic situation that takes place at home will progressively evolve ecologically to the most absolute disaster, but at the same time it will give parents and children the opportunity to meet and enjoy themselves for the first time."
Title: All Dogs Go to Heaven 2 | Genres: romance, animation, family, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Charlie and Itchy return to Earth to find Gabriel's Horn, but along the way meet up with a young boy named David, who ran away from home.
Title: Harry & Meghan: A Royal Romance | Genres: romance | Overview: Examine the history of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle from the moment they met after being set up by friends, through their initial courtship when they were able to keep their romance under wraps, and ultimately the intense global media attention surrounding their relationship and Meghan’s life as a divorced American actress.
Title: The Fall | Genres: adventure, fantasy, drama | Overview: In a hospital on the outskirts of 1920s Los Angeles, an injured stuntman begins to tell a fellow patient, a little girl with a broken arm, a fantastic story about 5 mythical heroes. Thanks to his fractured state of mind and her vivid imagination, the line between fiction and reality starts to blur as the tale advances.
Title: Extra Ordinary | Genres: fantasy, comedy, horror | Overview: A driving instructor must use her other-worldly gifts to save a lonely man’s daughter from a rock star looking to use her for Satanic purposes.
Title: The Heroes of Telemark | Genres: war, action | Overview: Set in German-occupied Norway, resistance fighter Knut Straud enlists the reluctant physicist Rolf Pedersen in an effort to destroy the German heavy water production plant in rural Telemark.
Title: Mutant Chronicles | Genres: action, adventure, horror, science fiction | Overview: It's the year 2707. Earth's natural resources have all but been exhausted by mankind. Battles rage for the remainder between the competing Corporations. During one such battle the seal is broken and awakens an ancient and deadly machine that was once defeated thousands of years ago. The order that awaited its return must now lead a small group of soldiers to destroy it once and for all.
Title: Sex Appeal | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Avery, a teenager with a tendency towards perfectionism, enlists her friend Larson to help her prepare for her first time with her long-distance boyfriend.
Title: Black Cat, White Cat | Genres: comedy, romance, crime | Overview: Matko is a small time hustler, living by the Danube with his 17-year-old son Zare. After a failed business deal he owes money to the much more successful gangster Dadan. Dadan has a sister, Afrodita, that he desperately wants to see get married so they strike a deal: Zare is to marry her.
Title: Lost Boys: The Tribe | Genres: crime, drama, horror, thriller, comedy | Overview: The sequel to the 1987 cult hit The Lost Boys takes us to the shady surf city of Luna Bay, California, where vampires quickly dispatch anyone who crosses their path. Into this dark world arrive Chris Emerson (Hilgenbrink) and his younger sister, Nicole (Reeser). Having just lost their parents in a car accident, the siblings move in with their eccentric Aunt Jillian and become new prey...
Title: Going the Distance | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Erin and Garrett are very much in love. When Erin moves to San Francisco to finish her journalism degree and Garrett stays behind in New York to work in the music industry, they gamely keep the romance alive with webcams and frequent-flyer miles. But just when it seems the lovers will soon be reunited, they each score a big break that could separate them for good.
Title: Knick Knack | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: Life on a shelf as a snowman trapped in a snow-globe blizzard can become wearing, especially when you're surrounded by knickknacks from sunnier locales. When the jaded snowman finally breaks free of his glass house, his vacation plans are cut short.
Title: Godzilla Raids Again | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: Two fishing scout pilots make a horrifying discovery when they encounter a second Godzilla alongside a new monster named Anguirus. Without the weapon that killed the original, authorities attempt to lure Godzilla away from the mainland. But Anguirus soon arrives and the two monsters make their way towards Osaka as Japan braces for tragedy.
Title: The Watcher | Genres: mystery, thriller | Overview: FBI agent Joel Campbell, burnt-out and shell-shocked after years spent chasing serial killers, flees L.A. to begin a new life for himself in Chicago. But five months later, Joel's best laid plans are abruptly cut short when his new hometown becomes the setting for some particularly gruesome murders--murders that could only have been committed by one man: David Allen Griffin. One of Joel's most elusive and cunning nemeses, Griffin has followed his former pursuer to Chicago in order to play a sadistic game of cat and mouse. Taunting Joel with photographs of his intended victims and leaving his crime scenes meticulously free of clues in order to keep the police at bay, Griffin derives as much pleasure out of watching Joel react to every movement as watching his victims die. But when Griffin moves into Joel's inner circle, Joel must quickly find some way to stop him before someone close to him becomes the next one to die.
Title: Suck Me Shakespeer | Genres: comedy | Overview: A comedy that follows an ex-con who lands a position at a school that sits over the spot where money from one of his earlier robberies was stashed.
Title: The Four Feathers | Genres: war, drama, romance, action, adventure | Overview: The story, set in 1885, follows a British officer (Heath Ledger) who resigns his post when he learns of his regiment's plan to ship out to the Sudan for the conflict with the Mahdi. His friends and fiancée send him four white feathers which symbolize cowardice. To redeem his honor he disguises himself as an Arab and secretly saves the lives of those who branded him a coward.
Title: DC Films Presents Dawn of the Justice League | Genres: documentary | Overview: A documentary special taking a look at the upcoming films making up the DC Universe. Kevin Smith hosts with Geoff Johns, as they take a look at Batman vs Superman: Dawn of Justice, Suicide Squad, the upcoming Wonder Woman and Justice League movies.
Title: Brooklyn's Finest | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Enforcing the law within the notoriously rough Brownsville section of the city and especially within the Van Dyke housing projects is the NYPD's sixty-fifth precinct. Three police officers struggle with the sometimes fine line between right and wrong.
Title: Super | Genres: comedy, action, drama | Overview: After his wife falls under the influence of a drug dealer, an everyday guy transforms himself into Crimson Bolt, a superhero with the best intentions, though he lacks for heroic skills.
Title: The Warrior | Genres: history, drama, action | Overview: In 1375, China was in chaos between Yuan Dynasty and Ming Dynasty. Coryo (an ancient kingdom of Korea then) sent a delegation of many diplomats, soldiers and a silent slave to make peace with the new Chinese government. However, this delegation got charged as spies and sent in exile to a remote desert.
"Title: God of Gamblers II | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Wong Jing's sequel to All for the Winner and spin-off to God of Gamblers finds Chow Sing Cho looking up to Michael ""Dagger"" Chan in order to become Ko Chun's next disciple, but the two must put aside their differences when they discover that a gang boss is bent on ruining the God of Gamblers' name."
Title: The Accused | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: Dolores lived the life of a higher-class student until her best friend was found brutally murdered. Two years later, she’s the only indicted suspect for a crime that attracts a lot of media attention and has placed her in the center of the public eye. Dolores spends her days preparing for the trial, secluded in her house as her parents work as a team ready to do anything to defend their daughter. The best lawyer is not enough, they obsessively control around her: how she looks, what she does, eats and who she sees. But as the trial moves forward and pressure grows, suspicion and secrets emerge within the family. Cornered, increasingly isolated and just when any mistake could prove disastrous, Dolores puts the entire strategy at risk.
Title: 10 Minutes Gone | Genres: crime, action, thriller, mystery | Overview: Crime boss Rex hires Frank and his crew to steal a priceless jewel stash — but the job goes wrong when someone tips off the cops. After Frank suffers a blow to the head, he wakes up to find the jewels gone and no memory of his attacker. Now, Frank must confront his team members one by one to find the traitor — before Rex covers his tracks by having Frank murdered.
Title: Railroad Tigers | Genres: action, comedy, war | Overview: A railroad worker in China in 1941 leads a team of freedom fighters against the Japanese in order to get food for the poor.
Title: Banshee Chapter | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: On the trail of a missing friend who had been experimenting with mind-altering drugs, a young journalist - aided by a rogue counter-culture writer, The Silence of The Lambs -- finds herself drawn into the dangerous world of top-secret government chemical research and the mystery of a disturbing radio signal of unknown origin. A fast-paced thriller blending fact and fiction, Banshee Chapter is based on real documents, actual test subject testimony, and uncovered secrets about covert programs run by the CIA.
"Title: Monsters | Genres: drama, thriller, science fiction | Overview: Six years ago NASA discovered the possibility of alien life within our solar system. A probe was launched to collect samples, but crashed upon re-entry over Central America. Soon after, new life forms began to appear and half of Mexico was quarantined as an infected zone. Today, the American and Mexican military still struggle to contain ""the creatures,"" while a journalist agrees to escort a shaken tourist through the infected zone in Mexico to the safety of the U.S. border."
Title: Children of the Corn V: Fields of Terror | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Six college students take a wrong turn and find themselves lost in a strangely deserted rural town... only to discover that this deceptively quiet place hides a murderous cult of children controlled by evil forces. Yet even as bodies begin cropping up all around them, the young friends decide to stay and rescue the children... or die trying.
Title: Frontera | Genres: western, drama | Overview: After crossing the border illegally for work, Miguel, a hard-working father and devoted husband, finds himself wrongfully accused of murdering a former sheriff’s wife. After learning of his imprisonment, Miguel’s pregnant wife tries to come to his aid and lands in the hands of corrupt coyotes who hold her for ransom. Dissatisfied with the police department’s investigation, the former sheriff tries to uncover the truth about his wife’s death and discovers disturbing evidence that will destroy one family’s future, or tear another’s apart.
"Title: All the Way Boys | Genres: adventure, action, comedy | Overview: The ""Trinity"" crew makes another modern era film. Plata and Salud are pilots ditching aircraft for insurance money. They wind up crashing for real in the jungles of South America. The plot involves ""Mr. Big"", who is buying the diamonds from the miners for much too little, and has thugs who keep the price down. Of course, Plata and Salud side with the miners"
Title: Mutual Relations | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Ho-kyeong, Joo-yeong and Yeon-hee are students of an American university who are all pretty and sexy. They either know too much or know too little so they decide to find men who can satisfy them. A lean man who was a former nude model, a younger man who has perfect techniques and a man who thinks very highly of women; these guys start the project!
Title: Mermaids | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Fifteen-year-old Charlotte Flax is tired of her wacky mom moving their family to a different town any time she feels it is necessary. When they move to a small Massachusetts town and Mrs. Flax begins dating a shopkeeper, Charlotte and her 9-year-old sister, Kate, hope that they can finally settle down. But when Charlotte's attraction to an older man gets in the way, the family must learn to accept each other for who they truly are.
Title: The French Connection | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Tough narcotics detective 'Popeye' Doyle is in hot pursuit of a suave French drug dealer who may be the key to a huge heroin-smuggling operation.
Title: Fitzcarraldo | Genres: drama, adventure | Overview: Fitzcarraldo is a dreamer who plans to build an opera house in Iquitos, in the Peruvian Amazon, so, in order to finance his project, he embarks on an epic adventure to collect rubber, a very profitable product, in a remote and unexplored region of the rainforest.
Title: Elvis & Anabelle | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A small-town beauty queen and an unlicensed mortician set out across the Texas plains on a journey of self-discovery.
Title: Turistas | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A group of young backpackers' vacation turns sour when a bus accident leaves them marooned in a remote Brazilian rural area that holds an ominous secret.
Title: The Snow Queen 3: Fire and Ice | Genres: family, animation, fantasy, comedy | Overview: After heroically defeating both the Snow Queen and the Snow King, Gerda still cannot find peace. Her dream is to find her parents who were once taken away from them by the North Wind and finally reunite the family. Thus, Gerda and her friends embark on an exiting journey to find her parents and encounter new challenges along the way: they discover an ancient magical artifact of the trolls, the Stone of Fire and Ice. From that moment on, things don't go according to the initial plan...Will Gerda be able to tame the mighty forces of the magical elements and get her family back? The answer will be reveled in 2016. This is a story which encompasses everything you love about Wizart: kindness, bravery, friendship, mystery, love of one's family, and a happy ending, of course!
Title: Boogeyman 2 | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A young woman attempts to cure her phobia of the boogeyman by checking herself into a mental health facility, only to realize too little too late that she is now helplessly trapped with her own greatest fear.
Title: Righteous Kill | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Two veteran New York City detectives work to identify the possible connection between a recent murder and a case they believe they solved years ago; is there a serial killer on the loose, and did they perhaps put the wrong person behind bars?
Title: The Red Baron | Genres: action, adventure, drama, history, war | Overview: Richthofen goes off to war like thousands of other men. As fighter pilots, they become cult heroes for the soldiers on the battlefields. Marked by sportsmanlike conduct, technical exactitude and knightly propriety, they have their own code of honour. Before long he begins to understand that his hero status is deceptive. His love for Kate, a nurse, opens his eyes to the brutality of war.
Title: Ae Fond Kiss... | Genres: drama | Overview: A young man upsets his Punjabi family when he falls in love with an Irish schoolteacher.
Title: Page Eight | Genres: mystery, thriller, drama | Overview: Johnny is a long-serving MI5 officer. His boss dies suddenly, leaving behind an inexplicable file which threatens the stability of the organisation.
Title: The Kid | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A tramp cares for a boy after he's abandoned as a newborn by his mother. Later the mother has a change of heart and aches to be reunited with her son.
Title: Blue Crush | Genres: adventure, romance, drama | Overview: Nothing gets between Anne Marie and her board. Living in a beach shack with three roommates, she is up before dawn every morning to conquer the waves and count the days until the Pipe Masters competition. Having transplanted herself to Hawaii with no one's blessing but her own, Anne Marie finds all she needs in the adrenaline-charged surf scene - until pro quarterback Matt Tollman comes along...
Title: Grotesque | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: An unnamed doctor has always had everything he's ever wanted, but that has only made him develop more extreme and depraved needs. He kidnaps a young couple in the prime of their life together and forces them into a game of torment that slowly extinguishes their hopes for survival.
Title: Doctor Dolittle | Genres: comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: A veterinarian who can communicate with animals travels abroad to search for a giant sea snail.
Title: The Collini Case | Genres: thriller, drama, crime | Overview: A young lawyer stumbles upon a vast conspiracy while investigating a brutal murder case.
Title: Godzilla: Tokyo S.O.S. | Genres: action, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: Mothra and her fairies return to Japan to warn mankind that they must return Kiryu to the sea, for the dead must not be disturbed. However Godzilla has survived to menace Japan leaving Kiryu as the nation's only defense.
Title: Bonnie and Clyde | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: In the 1930s, bored waitress Bonnie Parker falls in love with an ex-con named Clyde Barrow and together they start a violent crime spree through the country, stealing cars and robbing banks.
Title: Dinosaur Island | Genres: adventure, science fiction, family | Overview: The adventure begins when Lucas, a 13 year old boy, embarks on the vacation of a lifetime. When disaster strikes, Lucas finds himself stranded in a strange land littered with ghost ships and prehistoric creatures. While searching for other signs of life, Lucas hears a radio broadcast in the distance and is drawn into the jungle where he encounters a beautiful young girl who claims to have come from the 1950s. Together they set out on a quest to get home all the while uncovering secrets that will forever change the future.
Title: Robot Chicken: Star Wars | Genres: animation, comedy, science fiction | Overview: A series of 30 sketches, following the hilarious antics of various characters from a galaxy, far, far away.
Title: Torrente 3: The Protector | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: A popular and beautiful politician plans to expose the evil-doings of a multinational corporation. Hoping to silence her, the corporation's top executives decide to hire the most incompetent detective they can find to act as her bodyguard.
Title: Pumping Iron | Genres: documentary | Overview: Pumping Iron is a 1977 documentary film about the run-up to the 1975 Mr. Olympia bodybuilding competition. The film focuses on Arnold Schwarzenegger and his competitors, Lou Ferrigno and Franco Columbu. The documentary was co-directed by Robert Fiore and George Butler. It was based on the book of the same name by Charles Gaines and George Butler (Simon and Schuster, 1974).
Title: First Knight | Genres: action, adventure, drama, romance | Overview: The timeless tale of King Arthur and the legend of Camelot are retold in this passionate period drama. Arthur is reluctant to hand the crown to Lancelot, and Guinevere is torn between her loyalty to her husband and her growing love for his rival. But Lancelot must balance his loyalty to the throne with the rewards of true love.
Title: Alfie | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: In Manhattan, the British limousine driver Alfie is surrounded by beautiful women, having one night stands with all of them and without any sort of commitment. His best friends are his colleague Marlon and his girl-friend Lonette. Alfie has a brief affair with Lonette, and the consequences force Alfie to reflect on his lifestyle.
Title: Warlock: The Armageddon | Genres: fantasy, horror, science fiction | Overview: Every six hundred years, a great evil has the opportunity to escape and unleash Armageddon. A group of five stones has the power to either free the evil, or banish it for another six hundred years. An order of Druids battles with a Warlock determined to unleash his father upon the world.
Title: The Front Page | Genres: comedy | Overview: A journalist suffering from burn-out wants to finally say goodbye to his office – but his boss doesn’t like the idea one bit.
Title: Greed | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A retail billionaire's 60th birthday party is celebrated in an exclusive hotel on the Greek island of Mykonos.
Title: Cut Off | Genres: thriller, crime, horror, mystery | Overview: A coroner finds a capsule in the head of a heavily mutilated corpse, containing a phone number and single word: the name of his daughter.
Title: Eye in the Sky | Genres: drama, thriller, war | Overview: A UK-based military officer in command of a top secret drone operation to capture terrorists in Kenya discovers the targets are planning a suicide bombing and the mission escalates from “capture” to “kill.” As American pilot Steve Watts is about to engage, a nine-year old girl enters the kill zone, triggering an international dispute reaching the highest levels of US and British government over the moral, political, and personal implications of modern warfare.
Title: Beyond Skyline | Genres: action, science fiction, adventure, horror | Overview: Detective Mark Corley storms his way onto an alien spaceship to rescue his estranged son. When the ship crashes in Southeast Asia, he forges an alliance with a band of survivors to take back the planet once and for all.
Title: The High Note | Genres: romance, comedy, music, drama | Overview: Set in the dazzling world of the LA music scene comes the story of Grace Davis, a superstar whose talent, and ego, have reached unbelievable heights. Maggie is Grace’s overworked personal assistant who’s stuck running errands, but still aspires to her childhood dream of becoming a music producer. When Grace’s manager presents her with a choice that could alter the course of her career, Maggie and Grace come up with a plan that could change their lives forever.
Title: That Darn Cat! | Genres: drama, family, comedy, crime, mystery | Overview: A young woman suspects foul play when her cat comes home wearing a wristwatch. Convincing the FBI, though, and catching the bad guys is tougher than she imagined.
Title: Domino | Genres: thriller, action, crime | Overview: Seeking justice for his partner’s murder by an ISIS member, a Copenhagen police officer finds himself caught in a cat and mouse game with a duplicitous CIA agent who is using the killer as a pawn to trap other ISIS members.
Title: Subway | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Fred, a raffish safe blower, takes refuge in the Paris Metro after being chased by the henchmen of a shady businessman from whom he has just stolen some documents. While hiding out in the back rooms and conduits of the Metro, Fred encounters a subterranean society of eccentric characters and petty criminals.
Title: Merry Christmas, Drake & Josh | Genres: comedy, tv movie | Overview: Step brothers Drake and Josh must give a foster family the best Christmas ever or face years in jail for a Christmas party gone wrong.
Title: Center of My World | Genres: drama, family, romance | Overview: A strange family: 17-year-old Phil lives with his mother and twin sister in an old mansion on the outskirts of town. When he returns from summer camp, the mood in the mansion has soured somehow. Phil doesn’t worry about it, hanging out with his best friend Kat instead. When he starts to feel attracted to a mysterious new student at school, Phil is plunged into emotional turmoil only exacerbated by the trouble at home.
Title: Beirut | Genres: action, thriller, drama | Overview: In 1980s Beirut, Mason Skiles is a former U.S. diplomat who is called back into service to save a colleague from the group that is possibly responsible for his own family's death. Meanwhile, a CIA field agent who is working under cover at the American embassy is tasked with keeping Mason alive and ensuring that the mission is a success.
Title: Terrorizers | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: An uncompromising look into urban life from the eyes of a voyeuristic photographer, a rebellious teenager, and a married couple teetering on the edge of adultery.
Title: Tupac: Resurrection | Genres: music, documentary | Overview: Home movies, photographs, and recited poetry illustrate the life of Tupac Shakur, one of the most beloved, revolutionary, and volatile hip-hop MCs of all time.
Title: Lupin the Third: Jigen's Gravestone | Genres: animation, adventure, action, comedy | Overview: Lupin & Jigen have their sights set on a treasure called the Little Comet, which is located in the heavily fortified country of East Doroa. During the heist, Jigen is almost killed by a sniper named Yael Okuzaki. His specialty is preparing tombstones for his targets before executing them. It's said that no one can survive after Yael makes their tombstone.
Title: 13 Minutes | Genres: drama | Overview: As a new day begins in the small American town of Minninnewah, the residents start their day as ordinary as the next. Mother Nature, however, has other plans for them. Inhabitants have just 13 minutes to seek shelter before the largest tornado on record ravages the town, leaving them struggling to protect their loved ones and fighting for their lives. Left to deal with the aftermath, four families must overcome their differences and find strength in each other in order to survive.
Title: The Bronze | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: In 2004, Hope Ann Greggory became an American hero after winning the bronze medal for the women's gymnastics team. Today, she's still living in her small hometown, washed-up and embittered. Stuck in the past, Hope must reassess her life when a promising young gymnast threatens her local celebrity status.
Title: Chloe | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: A doctor hires an escort to seduce her husband, whom she suspects of cheating, though unforeseen events put the family in danger.
Title: Arctic | Genres: drama | Overview: A man stranded in the Arctic is finally about to receive his long awaited rescue. However, after a tragic accident, his opportunity is lost and he must then decide whether to remain in the relative safety of his camp or embark on a deadly trek through the unknown for potential salvation.
Title: Space Truckers | Genres: comedy, science fiction, thriller, adventure | Overview: John Canyon is one of the last independent space transport entrepreneurs. Rough times force him to carry suspicious cargo to Earth without questions being asked. During the flight the cargo turns out to be multitude of unstoppable and deadly killer robots.
"Title: The Lords of Salem | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Heidi, a radio DJ, is sent a box containing a record - a ""gift from the Lords"". The sounds within the grooves trigger flashbacks of her town's violent past. Is Heidi going mad, or are the Lords back to take revenge on Salem, Massachusetts?"
Title: System Crasher | Genres: drama | Overview: On her wild quest for love, 9-year-old Benni's untamed energy drives everyone around her to despair.
Title: Meet the Blacks | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: As Carl Black gets the opportunity to move his family out of Chicago in hope of a better life, their arrival in Beverly Hills is timed with that city's annual purge, where all crime is legal for twelve hours.
Title: Runner Runner | Genres: crime, thriller, drama | Overview: When a poor college student who cracks an online poker game goes bust, he arranges a face-to-face with the man he thinks cheated him, a sly offshore entrepreneur.
Title: Highway | Genres: action, adventure, drama | Overview: Jack is caught with the wife of his employer, a Vegas thug. The thug sends goons after Jack, who convinces his best friend, Pilot, to flee with him. Pilot insists that they head for Seattle, but doesn't tell Jack why. The goons learn from Pilot's drug source where the youths are headed, and they follow, hell bent on breaking Jack's feet. On the road, Jack and Pilot give a ride to Cassie, a distressed young woman. She and Jack hit it off. They pick up an aging stoner headed to Seattle for Kurt Cobain's memorial, and they help a circus sideshow family. Why is Pilot so set on Seattle, will the goons catch Jack, and is there any way the friends' competing needs can be resolved?
Title: The Enforcer | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: An undercover cop struggling to provide for his son and ailing wife, must infiltrate a ruthless gang. But things turn sour when another cop blows his cover and he quickly finds himself battling for his life and the lives of his family.
Title: Lucid Dream | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: Dae-ho, an investigative journalist, seeks to track down the whereabouts of his son who was abducted three years ago. With the help of a detective and a psychiatrist friend, he will retrace his memory of the incident through the use of lucid dreaming techniques.
Title: Judy Moody and the Not Bummer Summer | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Third-grader Judy Moody sets out to have the most thrilling summer of her life.
Title: Genius | Genres: drama, history | Overview: New York in the 1920s. Max Perkins, a literary editor is the first to sign such subsequent literary greats as Ernest Hemingway and F. Scott Fitzgerald. When a sprawling, chaotic 1,000-page manuscript by an unknown writer falls into his hands, Perkins is convinced he has discovered a literary genius.
Title: Pathology | Genres: crime, horror, thriller | Overview: Medical student Ted Grey graduates at the top of his class and quickly joins an elite pathology program, whose top students invite him into their circle. There he uncovers a gruesome secret: They play a game in which one tries to commit the perfect, undetectable murder, then the others compete to determine the victim's cause of death.
Title: American Satan | Genres: thriller, drama, music | Overview: A young rock band, half from England and half from the US, drop out of college and move to the Sunset Strip to chase their dreams.
Title: Saving Silverman | Genres: comedy, crime, romance | Overview: A pair of buddies conspire to save their best friend from marrying the wrong woman, a cold-hearted beauty who snatches him from them and breaks up their Neil Diamond cover band.
"Title: Six Swedish Girls in a Boarding School | Genres: comedy | Overview: Miss Klein runs a boarding-school. The girls that go there are really ""free spirited."" They chloroform a peeping Tom, lock two plumbers in the dormitories, strip for a gamekeeper and tease their gym teacher. In class, their biology teacher gets carried away while giving a demonstration of sex positions with the gym teacher. In the meantime, one of the girls makes some exciting alterations to their bicycles to make their rides more enjoyable."
Title: The Handmaid's Tale | Genres: drama, science fiction | Overview: In a dystopicly polluted rightwing religious tyranny, a young woman is put in sexual slavery on account of her now rare fertility.
Title: Enter the Fat Dragon | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: After being dumped by his fiancé, heartbroken Hong Kong police officer Fallon Zhu gains 200+ pounds. His superiors demote him to the job of escorting convicts to Japan. When a convict in his custody mysteriously dies, he must team up with citizen Thor to solve the mystery.
Title: Blood Work | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: Still recovering from a heart transplant, a retired FBI profiler returns to service when his own blood analysis offers clues to the identity of a serial killer.
Title: Asterix and Cleopatra | Genres: family, animation, adventure, comedy | Overview: Popular animated hero Asterix and his faithful sidekick Obelix travel to ancient Egypt to help Cleopatra build a new summer home. Cleopatra and Julius Caesar have made a bet, with Caesar wagering the project cannot be completed in a few weeks time. With the help of a magic potion, Asterix comes to the rescue of the Queen of the Nile as Caesar and an angry architect plot against them.
Title: 54 | Genres: drama, music | Overview: Shane, a Jersey boy with big dreams, crosses the river in hopes of finding a more exciting life at Studio 54. When Steve Rubell, the mastermind behind the infamous disco, plucks Shane from the sea of faces clamoring to get inside his club, Shane not only gets his foot in the door, but lands a coveted job behind the bar – and a front-row seat at the most legendary party on the planet.
Title: Mardi Gras : Spring Break | Genres: comedy | Overview: For three college guys, it’s senior year and the co-ed experience has left them high and dry. Their solution: A road trip to Mardi Gras, where beautiful babes are happy to lift their shirts and open containers are always welcome. But after dressing in drag, breaking into Carmen Electra’s hotel room, starring in a scandalous sex show and accidentally exploding a feces bomb in a swank hotel lobby, will the Mardi Gras magic kick in and their wildest fantasies come true?
Title: She Wore a Yellow Ribbon | Genres: western | Overview: After Custer and the 7th Cavalry are wiped out by Indians, everyone expects the worst. Capt. Nathan Brittles is ordered out on patrol but he's also required to take along Abby Allshard, wife of the Fort's commanding officer, and her niece, the pretty Olivia Dandridge, who are being evacuated for their own safety. Brittles is only a few days away from retirement and Olivia has caught the eye of two of the young officers in the Company, Lt. Flint Cohill and 2nd Lt. Ross Pennell. She's taken to wearing a yellow ribbon in her hair, a sign that she has a beau in the Cavalry, but refuses to say for whom she is wearing it.
Title: Rebound | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: An acclaimed college hoops coach is demoted to a junior varsity team after a public meltdown.
Title: At First Sight | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A blind man has an operation to regain his sight at the urging of his girlfriend and must deal with the changes to his life.
Title: Good Burger | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: Two hapless youths lead their burger joint in a fight against the giant fast-food chain across the street.
Title: Wolf Creek | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Stranded backpackers in remote Australia fall prey to a murderous bushman, who offers to fix their car, then takes them captive.
Title: Frantic | Genres: thriller | Overview: The wife of an American doctor suddenly vanishes in Paris and, to find her, he navigates a puzzling web of language, locale, laissez-faire cops, triplicate-form filling bureaucrats and a defiant, mysterious waif who knows more than she tells.
Title: Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: A tough police sergeant's mother comes to visit him, and promptly starts trying to fix up his life, much to his embarrassment. For his birthday she buys him a machine gun out of the back of a van, and begins to further interfere with his job and love life, eventually helping him with a case he's on.
Title: Jane Eyre | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Jane Eyre is an orphan cast out as a young girl by her aunt, Mrs. Reed, and sent to be raised in a harsh charity school for girls. There she learns to be come a teacher and eventually seeks employment outside the school. Her advertisement is answered by the housekeeper of Thornfield Hall, Mrs. Fairfax.
Title: Silverado | Genres: western | Overview: Four unwitting heroes cross paths on their journey to the sleepy town of Silverado. Little do they know the town where their family and friends reside has been taken over by a corrupt sheriff and a murderous posse. It's up to the sharp-shooting foursome to save the day, but first they have to break each other out of jail, and learn who their real friends are.
Title: Savva. Heart of the Warrior | Genres: fantasy, adventure, animation | Overview: A fairytale about a grand life journey of a 10-year old boy Savva devoted to help his Mom and fellow village people to break free from the vicious hyenas.
Title: Ernest & Celestine | Genres: animation, comedy, drama, family, adventure | Overview: Celestine is a little mouse trying to avoid a dental career while Ernest is a big bear craving an artistic outlet. When Celestine meets Ernest, they overcome their natural enmity by forging a life of crime together.
Title: After the Pandemic | Genres: science fiction, action | Overview: Set in a post-apocalyptic world where a global airborne pandemic has wiped out 90% of the Earth's population and only the young and immune have endured as scavengers. For Ellie and Quinn, the daily challenges to stay alive are compounded when they become hunted by the merciless Stalkers.
Title: Like Water for Chocolate | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Tita is passionately in love with Pedro, but her controlling mother forbids her from marrying him. When Pedro marries her sister, Tita throws herself into her cooking and discovers she can transfer her emotions through the food she prepares, infecting all who eat it with her intense heartbreak.
Title: Air Mater | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Mater's decision to fly lands him accidentally at a big airshow.
Title: In the Arms of an Assassin | Genres: romance, thriller | Overview: Victor (William Levy) is one of the world’s most handsome men, but he has a deep secret – he is a cold blooded assassin. Smooth talking and seductive, Victor was raised to do one thing only, which is to kill for money. When he is sent to the home of a brutal drug lord to collect payment for his most recent hit, he encounters the beautiful Sarai (Alicia Sanz), who has been forced to spend the last 9 years of her life with the drug lord.
Title: Irresistible | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A Democratic political consultant helps a retired Marine colonel run for mayor in a small, conservative Wisconsin town.
Title: Group Sex | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Herman has a weakness for strip clubs. Donny has a thing for condiments and Tiffany is a newly celibate martial artist. These are Andy's new friends after he unsuspectingly follows his dream girl into a sexual addiction recovery group. At first this seems like the best possible news! However, Andy's professional and personal life begins to unravel as he deepens his ties to this lovable, but damaged group.
Title: Kite | Genres: animation, crime, action, thriller | Overview: Sawa may seem innocent and naive, but don’t be fooled. She is a cold-blooded killer, and if you’re on the wrong side of the law, you may be her next target. Not content to just watch as the imperfect justice system lets more and more criminals go loose every day, a detective decides to train the young Sawa to be his instrument of justice.
Title: Kiss Kiss Bang Bang | Genres: comedy, crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: A petty thief posing as an actor is brought to Los Angeles for an unlikely audition and finds himself in the middle of a murder investigation along with his high school dream girl and a detective who's been training him for his upcoming role...
Title: Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Sue Ellen Crandell is a teenager eagerly awaiting her mother's summer-long absence. While the babysitter looks after her rambunctious younger siblings, Sue Ellen can party and have fun. But then the babysitter abruptly dies, leaving the Crandells short on cash. Sue Ellen finds a sweet job in fashion by lying about her age and experience on her résumé. But, while her siblings run wild, she discovers the downside of adulthood
Title: Nineteen Eighty-Four | Genres: drama, science fiction, thriller | Overview: George Orwell's novel of a totalitarian future society in which a man whose daily work is rewriting history tries to rebel by falling in love.
Title: She Devils of the SS | Genres: drama, war | Overview: In the last days of WW2, women are volunteering from all over Germany to serve in the front lines by having sex with the brave Nazi soldiers. But when they start having sex with each other, things get complicated. Especially with the increasing danger from the revengeful Soviet army!
Title: When the Lights Went Out | Genres: thriller, drama, horror | Overview: Yorkshire, 1974, the Maynard family moves into their dream house. It's a dream that quickly descends into a panic stricken nightmare as the family discovers a horrifying truth, a truth that will make the history books. The house is already occupied by the most violent poltergeist ever documented, a poltergeist that will tear you from your bed as you sleep and drag you helplessly into the darkness.
Title: 36th Precinct | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: The film takes place in Paris, where two cops are competing for the vacant seat of chief of police while in the middle of a search for a gang of violent thieves. The movie is directed by Olivier Marchal, a former police officer who spent 12 years with the French police before creating this story, which is taken in part from real facts that happened during the 1980s in France.
Title: Night of the Animated Dead | Genres: animation, horror | Overview: An animated retelling of ‘Night of the Living Dead’, in which a group of people in a rural farmhouse struggle to survive the threat of bloodthirsty zombies.
Title: Cuban Fury | Genres: comedy | Overview: Beneath Bruce Garrett's under-confident, overweight exterior, the passionate heart of a salsa king lies dormant. Now, one woman is about to reignite his Latin fire.
Title: North Country | Genres: drama | Overview: A fictionalized account of the first major successful sexual harassment case in the United States -- Jenson vs. Eveleth Mines, where a woman who endured a range of abuse while working as a miner filed and won the landmark 1984 lawsuit.
Title: Terror Trap | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Driving to a weekend getaway, a car breakdown strands young couple Don and Nancy (David James Elliot and Heather Marsden) while passing through a small, rural Louisiana town. Finding the couple on the roadside, the towns inhospitable Sheriff Taylor (Jeff Fahey) tells them therell be no one to repair their car before morning. He directs them to a nearby motel for the night run by Carter (Michael Madsen). Checking into the seedy, rundown establishment, Don and Nancy have no way of knowing how this place deals with outsiders. Badge aside, the Sherriff answers to Carter, as do a gang of twisted, masked kidnappers, torturers, and killers. By the time Don and Nancy realize whats happening, its too late to flee. They must fight to survive the night, or be the next victims of the Terror Trap...
Title: Johnny Handsome | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: A career criminal who has been deformed since birth is given a new face by a kindly doctor and paroled from prison. It appears that he has gone straight, but he is really planning his revenge on the man who killed his mentor and sent him to prison.
Title: Grand Piano | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: Moments before his comeback performance, a concert pianist who suffers from stage fright discovers a note written on his music sheet.
Title: Dorothy Mills | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery, horror | Overview: When a gloomy, God-fearing island community is rocked by the assault of an infant, a psychiatrist is called in to examine Dorothy Mills, the teenager accused of the crime. Despite the villagers' hostility to her inquiry, she soon comes to suspect that Dorothy suffers from multiple personality disorder...
Title: Song of the South | Genres: family, music | Overview: Uncle Remus draws upon his tales of Br'er Rabbit to help little Johnny deal with his confusion over his parents' separation as well as his new life on the plantation.
Title: Disney Princess Enchanted Tales: Follow Your Dreams | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: Princess Aurora and Princess Jasmine learn valuable life lessons in two short stories.
Title: Roujin Z | Genres: animation, drama, science fiction | Overview: Mr. Takazawa, an elderly invalid who is cared for at his home by Haruko, a young nursing student, is chosen by the Japanese Ministry of Public Welfare to test the Z-001, a computerized hospital bed with robotic features that allegedly displays more efficiency and skills than any human nurse, but Haruko mistrusts a machine unable to consider human feelings.
Title: Age of Dinosaurs | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: Using breakthrough flesh-regeneration technology, a biotech firm creates a set of living dinosaurs. But when the creatures escape their museum exhibit and terrorize Los Angeles, a former firefighter must rescue his teenage daughter from the chaos brought on by the Age of Dinosaurs
Title: Raped by an Angel | Genres: thriller, crime | Overview: A lawyer is fascinated by an advertisement with two models, Lam and Man. He arranges a rape plan against Man. He kills her and plots to make the next a suicide. Lam realizes Man is tortured to death, she uses her body to allure him into a trap.
Title: Force 10 From Navarone | Genres: drama, adventure, war | Overview: World War II, 1943. Mallory and Miller, the heroes who destroyed the guns of Navarone, are sent to Yugoslavia in search of a ghost from the past.
Title: Fullmetal Alchemist | Genres: action, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Two alchemist brothers go on a quest for the Philosopher's Stone after an attempt to revive their dead mother goes horribly wrong.
Title: Tom and Jerry: Back to Oz | Genres: family, animation, fantasy, comedy | Overview: After capturing the good witch, the villainous King Gnome creates havoc throughout Oz as he needs Dorothy's ruby slippers to take control of the Emerald City. So, it is up to Tom and Jerry to save the land of Oz!
Title: Joseph and Mary | Genres: drama | Overview: When loved ones are murdered, Elijah’s beliefs are compromised as he considers revenge. But a visit with Joseph and Mary may offer a new perspective.
Title: Candyman: Day of the Dead | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: The Candyman returns to try to convince his female descendent, an artist, to join him as a legendary figure. To this end, he frames her for a series of hideous murders of her friends and associates so that she has nowhere else to turn to.
Title: Onibaba | Genres: horror, drama | Overview: While her son, Kichi, is away at war, a woman and her daughter-in-law survive by killing samurai who stray into their swamp, then selling whatever valuables they find. Both are devastated when they learn that Kichi has died, but his wife soon begins an affair with a neighbor who survived the war, Hachi. The mother disapproves and, when she can't steal Hachi for herself, tries to scare her daughter-in-law with a mysterious mask from a dead samurai.
Title: Fist of the North Star | Genres: action, animation, drama, science fiction, thriller | Overview: After a nuclear holocaust tears the world apart, mankind is forced to the harshness of not only the oppression of others who are much more powerful, but the dead earth which seems to be getting worse with every passing moment. But a savior has risen from the ashes, a man who will defeat those who would torment the weak and make the world a livable place once more. A man named Kenshiro...
Title: Elevator to the Gallows | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A self-assured businessman murders his employer, the husband of his mistress, which unintentionally provokes an ill-fated chain of events.
Title: Sweet Family | Genres: comedy | Overview: A fat woman attempts to lose weight in order to use her mother's wedding dress with the help of her evil sisters and needy fiancé.
Title: Victim of Desire | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: An SEC agent investigating $70M in missing funds and a murdered businessman gets involved with the man's wife.
Title: The Invisible | Genres: fantasy, thriller | Overview: After an attack leaves him in limbo -- invisible to the living and also near death -- a teenager discovers the only person who might be able help him is his attacker.
Title: Calibre | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Two lifelong friends head up to an isolated Scottish Highlands village for a weekend hunting trip that descends into a never-ending nightmare as they attempt to cover up a horrific hunting accident.
Title: Total Eclipse | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Young, wild poet Arthur Rimbaud and his mentor Paul Verlaine engage in a fierce, forbidden romance while feeling the effects of a hellish artistic lifestyle.
"Title: D.A.R.Y.L. | Genres: family, science fiction | Overview: Daryl is a normal 10-year-old boy in many ways. However, unbeknown to his foster parents and friends, Daryl is actually a government-created robot with superhuman reflexes and mental abilities. Even his name has a hidden meaning -- it's actually an acronym for Data Analyzing Robot Youth Life-form. When the organization that created him deems the ""super soldier"" experiment a failure and schedules Daryl to be disassembled, it is up to a few rogue scientists to help him escape."
Title: Super Crazy | Genres: comedy | Overview: A 36-year-old meek woman realizes that there’s younger people trying to outpace her doing much less, so she makes a risky change by removing her filter.
Title: Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: This is the story of Ryu, a deaf man, and his sister, who requires a kidney transplant. In order to afford the transplant, Ryu and his girlfriend develop a plan to kidnap Park's daughter. Things go horribly wrong, and the situation spirals rapidly into a cycle of violence and revenge.
Title: The Apparition | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Plagued by frightening occurrences in their home, Kelly and Ben learn that a university's parapsychology experiment produced an entity that is now haunting them. The malevolent spirit feeds on fear and torments the couple no matter where they run. Desperate, Kelly and Ben turn to a paranormal researcher, but even with his aid, it may already be too late to save themselves from the terrifying presence.
Title: If Only | Genres: fantasy, drama, romance | Overview: After his impetuous musician girlfriend, Samantha, dies in an accident shortly after they had a fight (and nearly broke up), a grief-stricken British businessman, Ian Wyndham, living in London gets a chance to relive the day all over again, in the hope of changing the events that led up to her getting killed.
Title: Urban Legend | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A college campus is plagued by a vicious serial killer murdering students in ways that correspond to various urban legends.
Title: Revenge of the Pink Panther | Genres: action, comedy, crime, thriller | Overview: Chief Inspector Jacques Clouseau is dead. At least that is what the world—and Charles Dreyfus—believe when a dead body is discovered in Clouseau's car after being shot off the road. Naturally, Clouseau knows differently and, taking advantage of not being alive, sets out to discover why an attempt was made on his life.
Title: Star Trek: Generations | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure, thriller | Overview: Captain Jean-Luc Picard and the crew of the Enterprise-D find themselves at odds with the renegade scientist Soran who is destroying entire star systems. Only one man can help Picard stop Soran's scheme...and he's been dead for seventy-eight years.
Title: Late Spring | Genres: drama | Overview: Noriko is perfectly happy living at home with her widowed father, Shukichi, and has no plans to marry -- that is, until her aunt Masa convinces Shukichi that unless he marries off his 27-year-old daughter soon, she will likely remain alone for the rest of her life. When Noriko resists Masa's matchmaking, Shukichi is forced to deceive his daughter and sacrifice his own happiness to do what he believes is right.
Title: Salt and Fire | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A scientist blames the head of a large company for an ecological disaster in South America. But when a volcano begins to show signs of erupting, they must unite to avoid a disaster.
Title: Tramps | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A young man and woman find love in an unlikely place while carrying out a shady deal.
Title: Urge | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: A group of friends on holiday on an island experiment a new designer drug that makes them lose their ability to control their urges.
"Title: The Cannonball Run | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: A cross-country road race is based on an actual event, the Cannonball Baker Sea to Shining Sea Memorial Trophy Dash, organized by Brock Yates to protest the 55 mph speed limit then in effect in the U.S. The Cannonball was named for Erwin G. ""Cannonball"" Baker, who in the roaring 20's rode his motorcycle across the country. Many of the characters are based on ruses developed by real Cannonball racers over the several years that the event was run."
Title: Inazuma Eleven Go vs. Danball Senki W | Genres: action, adventure, animation, science fiction | Overview: A crossover anime film produced by OLM, Inc., premiered in theaters on December 1, 2012. As Shinsei Inazuma Japan was about to have a match with Inazuma Legend Japan, a mysterious attack of a person and a swarm of robots interrupted, and another mysterious girl's power drove the world into another dimension. As the world of Inazuma Eleven Go and Danball Senki W met, the two teams must work together to find out what happened to their worlds.
Title: The Cure | Genres: drama, family | Overview: Erik, a loner, finds a friend in Dexter, an eleven-year-old boy with AIDS. They vow to find a cure for AIDS together and save Dexter's life in an eventful summer.
Title: Rise of the Legend | Genres: action, drama | Overview: In 1868 during the late Qing Dynasty, rampant corruption on the Imperial Court inflicts much suffering in people's lives. For years, the Black Tiger’s fearsome boss Lei Gong has been trying to get rid of the leader of the Northern Sea. One of his latest recruits is Fei, a fearless fighter who takes the Northern Sea leader’s head after a fierce fight. Just as Lei Gong believes he has total control of the port, a new gang called the Orphans rises in power. Led by Fei’s childhood friend Huo, the Orphans are out to eliminate all the criminal power from the port…
Title: The Immigrant | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: 1921 New York. An immigrant woman is tricked into a life of burlesque and vaudeville until a dazzling magician tries to save her and reunite her with her sister who is being held in the confines of Ellis Island.
Title: The Marine 6: Close Quarters | Genres: action | Overview: Jake Carter and another former Marine, Luke Trapper, join forces to rescue a young kidnapped girl from a gang of international criminals.
Title: Moon Crash | Genres: science fiction | Overview: Mockbuster from The Asylum along lines of Moonfall. A global steelworks company partners with an aerospace firm to mine the Moon. But when a drilling accident causes a giant piece of the Moon to crack off and hurtle towards Earth, the surviving space team and the head of the firm must figure out how to destroy the meteoroid before it wipes out the entire planet
"Title: Miss Violence | Genres: drama | Overview: On the day of her birthday, eleven-year-old Angeliki jumps off the balcony and falls to her death with a smile on her face. While the police and Social Services try to discover the reason for this apparent suicide, Angeliki's family keep insisting that it was an accident. What is the secret that young Angeliki took with her? Why does her family persist in trying to ""forget"" her and to move on with its life?"
Title: Incarnate | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: An exorcist comes up against an evil from his past when he uses his skills to enter the mind of a nine year old boy.
"Title: Sanjuro | Genres: drama, action, comedy | Overview: Toshiro Mifune swaggers and snarls to brilliant comic effect in Kurosawa's tightly paced, beautifully composed ""Sanjuro."" In this companion piece and sequel to ""Yojimbo,"" jaded samurai Sanjuro helps an idealistic group of young warriors weed out their clan's evil influences, and in the process turns their image of a proper samurai on its ear."
Title: Air Bud | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: A lonely boy befriends a stray dog who has a natural talent for basketball and together they experience the highs and lows of life as their friendship remains solid through a series of escapades.
Title: Breaking Boundaries: The Science of Our Planet | Genres: documentary | Overview: David Attenborough and scientist Johan Rockström examine Earth's biodiversity collapse and how this crisis can still be averted.
Title: My Brother, My Sister | Genres: drama | Overview: When their father's will forces them to live together, siblings Nik and Tesla — and Tesla's kids — try to overcome their differences to become a family.
Title: Open Grave | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: A man awakes-- without memory -- in a pit full of bodies and must figure out if the people who rescued him are the killers, or if he is the murderer.
Title: Gone | Genres: thriller | Overview: Jill Conway is trying to rebuild her life after surviving a terrifying kidnapping attempt. Though she is having a difficult time, she takes small steps toward normalcy by starting a new job and inviting her sister, Molly, to move in with her. Returning home from work one morning, Jill discovers that Molly has vanished, and she is certain that the same man who previously abducted her has returned for revenge.
Title: Kicking & Screaming | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: Phil Weston has been unathletic his entire life. In college he failed at every sport that he tried out for. It looks like his 10-year old son, Sam, is following in his footsteps. But when Phil's hyper-competitive dad benches Sam, Phil decides to transfer his son to a new team which needs a coach. Phil steps in to be the temporary coach and immediately begins to butt heads with this dad over this new competition in their lives.
"Title: Born in China | Genres: documentary | Overview: Venturing into the wilds of China, ""Born in China"" captures intimate moments with a panda bear and her growing cub, a young golden monkey who feels displaced by his baby sister, and a mother snow leopard struggling to raise her two cubs."
Title: Donkey's Christmas Shrektacular | Genres: fantasy, animation, drama, comedy, science fiction, family | Overview: Deck the halls with Donkey’s laughter in this all-new holiday collection. Donkey presents his very own carolling stage show featuring his Far Far Away pals in this merry, musical treat with all the trimmings! Join in the fun as they bring their own Shrektacular spirit to festive holiday songs, a fun Donkey Decoration scramble, and a hilarious virtual Yule Log that’s so funny… it’s on fire.
Title: Ivan Vasilyevich Changes His Profession | Genres: comedy, science fiction | Overview: A scientist builds a time machine and accidentally sends his apartment complex manager and a petty burglar to 16th century Moscow, while Tsar Ivan the Terrible travels to 1973.
Title: Inspector Clouseau | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Detective Inspector Jacques Clouseau is borrowed from the Surete on special assignment for Scotland Yard in hopes that a fresh outlook will help the government recover the loot from the Great Train Robbery, which is being used to underwrite a new crime wave. What they don't count on, however, is having more than one Clouseau on the job.
Title: The Cassandra Crossing | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Passengers on a European train have been exposed to a deadly disease, and nobody will let them off the train.
Title: The Beastmaster | Genres: fantasy, adventure, action | Overview: Dar, is the son of a king, who is hunted by a priest after his birth and grows up in another family. When he becomes a grown man his new father is murdered by savages and he discovers that he has the ability to communicate with the animals, which leads him on his quest for revenge against his father's killers.
Title: One Million Years B.C. | Genres: adventure, fantasy | Overview: As the Earth wrestles with its agonising birth, the peoples of this barren and desolate world struggle to survive. Driven by animal instinct they compete against the harsh conditions, their giant predators, and warring tribes. When two people from opposing clans fall in love, existing conventions are shattered forever as each tribe struggles for supremacy and Man embarks on his tortuous voyage of civilisation.
Title: The Wailer 2 | Genres: horror | Overview: After Professor McBride learns that the body of his daughter Julie was never found, he takes it upon himself to go on a quest to discover the truth about his daughter's disappearance. With the help of Chava, a young Mexican anthropologist and a cult of old witch ladies, he embarks on a mission to exorcise the body of Julie from the evil soul of La Llorona.
Title: Last Night | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The story follows a married couple, apart for a night while the husband takes a business trip with a colleague to whom he's attracted. While he's resisting temptation, his wife encounters her past love.
Title: Marked for Death | Genres: action, crime | Overview: Just retired from the Drug Enforcement Agency, John Hatcher returns to his hometown and quickly discovers that drugs have infiltrated his old neighborhood. Determined to drive the dealers out, Hatcher crosses paths with a ferocious Jamaican drug lord who vows that Hatcher and his family are now marked for death.
"Title: Anatomy of Hell | Genres: drama | Overview: A man rescues a woman from a suicide attempt in a gay nightclub. Walking the streets together, she propositions him: She'll pay him to visit her at her isolated house for four consecutive nights. There he will silently watch her. He's reluctant, but agrees. As the four nights progress, they become more intimate with each other, and a mutual fascination/revulsion develops. By the end of the four-day ""contract"", these two total strangers will have had a profound impact on each other."
Title: Marvin's Room | Genres: drama | Overview: A leukemia patient attempts to end a 20-year feud with her sister to get her bone marrow.
Title: Merry Christmas, Mr. Lawrence | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: Island of Java, 1942, during World War II. British Major Jack Celliers arrives at a Japanese prison camp, run by the strict Captain Yonoi. Colonel John Lawrence, who has a profound knowledge of Japanese culture, and Sergeant Hara, brutal and simpleton, will witness the struggle of wills between two men from very different backgrounds who are tragically destined to clash.
Title: The Silence of the Sky | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: After being a victim of rape within their own home, Diana chooses to keep the trauma secret. Mario, her husband, also has something to hide. The silence takes the couple's account over the day turns gradually into a peculiar form of violence.
Title: The Collector | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Freddie is an inept bank clerk with no future. His only hobby is collecting butterflies, which gives him a feeling of power and control that is otherwise totally missing from his life. He comes into a large sum of money and buys himself a country house. Still unable to make himself at ease socially, he starts to plan on acquiring a girlfriend - in the same manner as he collects butterflies. He prepares the cellar of the house to be a collecting jar and stalks his victim over several days.
Title: 1941 | Genres: action, comedy, war | Overview: In the days after the attack on Pearl Harbor, panic grips California, where a military officer leads a mob chasing a Japanese sub.
Title: The Killing | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Career criminal Johnny Clay recruits a sharpshooter, a crooked police officer, a bartender and a betting teller named George, among others, for one last job before he goes straight and gets married. But when George tells his restless wife about the scheme to steal millions from the racetrack where he works, she hatches a plot of her own.
Title: The Land Before Time V: The Mysterious Island | Genres: animation, family, adventure | Overview: A plague of locusts strikes the Great Valley and decimates the plants . When the adults in the herd begin fighting over the scarce resources, young Littlefoot and his friends Petrie, Cera, Ducky and Spike split off from the main group, becoming stranded on an island after their path was destroyed by a tsunami. As they search for a way off the island, they encounter an old acquaintance who may become friend or foe.
Title: Friday After Next | Genres: comedy | Overview: Craig and his cousin Day Day have finally moved out of their parents' houses and into their own crib, working nights at a local mall as security guards. When their house is robbed on Christmas Eve they set out to track down the culprit.
Title: Danton | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Danton and Robespierre were close friends and fought together in the French Revolution, but by 1793 Robespierre was France's ruler, determined to wipe out opposition with a series of mass executions that became known as the Reign of Terror. Danton, well known as a spokesman of the people, had been living in relative solitude in the French countryside, but he returned to Paris to challenge Robespierre's violent rule and call for the people to demand their rights. Robespierre, however, could not accept such a challenge, even from a friend and colleague, and he blocked out a plan for the capture and execution of Danton and his allies.
Title: Isi & Ossi | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Isi and Ossi couldn't be any more different: She's a billionaire's daughter from Heidelberg, he's a struggling boxer from the nearby town of Mannheim. But when Isi meets Ossi, the two quickly realize that they can take advantage of one another: She dates the broke boxer to provoke her parents and get them to fund a long-desired chef training in New York. He tries to rip off the rich daughter to finance his first professional boxing match. Their plans soon develop into emotional chaos that challenges everything the two believe to know about money, career and love.
Title: Return to Oz | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: Dorothy, saved from a psychiatric experiment by a mysterious girl, finds herself back in the land of her dreams, and makes delightful new friends, and dangerous new enemies.
Title: The Letters | Genres: drama | Overview: Mother Teresa, recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize, is considered one of the greatest humanitarians of modern times. Her selfless commitment changed hearts, lives and inspired millions throughout the world. The Letters, as told through personal letters she wrote over the last 40 years of her life, reveal a troubled and vulnerable women who grew to feel an isolation and an abandonment by God.
Title: The Grapes of Wrath | Genres: drama | Overview: Tom Joad returns to his home after a jail sentence to find his family kicked out of their farm due to foreclosure. He catches up with them on his Uncle’s farm, and joins them the next day as they head for California and a new life... Hopefully.
Title: Haikyuu!! Movie 4: Battle of Concepts | Genres: animation, comedy, drama | Overview: Recap film focusing primarily on the match against shiratorizawa from the third season.
Title: Duplex | Genres: comedy | Overview: When a young couple buys their dream home, they have no idea what the sweet little old lady upstairs is going to put them through!
Title: Om Shanti Om | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Om, a junior film artist, is smitten by Shantipriya, a renowned actress, but is killed while trying to save her from a fire accident. Thirty years later, he is reborn and sets out to avenge her death.
Title: The Yin Yang Master | Genres: action, adventure, drama, fantasy, romance | Overview: The world is on the verge of a devastating war with monsters who are coming to retrieve the Scaling Stone. Yin Yang Master Qingming's life is in danger and he travels to different worlds to prepare for the upcoming assaults. On his journey, Qingming finds that the key to all the calamities is embracing his hybrid identity of both human and monster.
Title: American Psycho II: All American Girl | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Rachel is a criminology student hoping to land a position as a teacher's assistant for professor Robert Starkman. She's sure this position will pave the way to an FBI career, and she's willing to do anything to obtain it -- including killing her classmates. The school psychiatrist, Dr. Daniels, becomes aware that Rachel is insane, but Rachel is skilled at her dangerous game of death and identity theft.
Title: Ikiru | Genres: drama | Overview: Kanji Watanabe is a middle-aged man who has worked in the same monotonous bureaucratic position for decades. Learning he has cancer, he starts to look for the meaning of his life.
Title: The Guard | Genres: action, comedy, thriller, crime | Overview: When a small-town Irish cop with a crass personality is partnered with a straight-laced FBI agent to bust an international drug-trafficking ring, they must settle their differences in order to take down a dangerous gang.
"Title: Persian Lessons | Genres: war, drama | Overview: Occupied France, 1942. Gilles is arrested by SS soldiers alongside other Jews and sent to a camp in Germany. He narrowly avoids sudden execution by swearing to the guards that he is not Jewish, but Persian. This lie temporarily saves him, but Gilles gets assigned a life-or-death mission: to teach Farsi to Head of Camp Koch, who dreams of opening a restaurant in Iran once the war is over. Through an ingenious trick, Gilles manages to survive by inventing words of ""Farsi"" every day and teaching them to Koch."
Title: Rolling to You | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Jocelyn is a selfish and misogynist businessman. He tries to seduce a young pretty woman by pretending to be handicapped, till the day he meets her sister, who is also in a wheelchair.
"Title: Pokémon: The Mastermind of Mirage Pokémon | Genres: animation, action, adventure | Overview: The story of ""The Mastermind of Mirage Pokémon"" centers on a Pokémon scientist who has developed a new Mirage System to resurrect extinct Pokémon. Satoshi, Haruka, Masato, and Takeshi show up at the Mirage Mansion for a demonstration of this new machine, only to witness the kidnapping of the scientist! Then a mysterious stranger appears and claims that the machine can actually create Pokémon without weaknesses. It’s up to Satoshi and company to preserve the natural balance of the Pokémon world."
Title: Buffaloed | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Set in the underworld of debt-collecting, homegrown hustler Peg Dahl will do anything to escape Buffalo, NY.
Title: Affliction | Genres: drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: A small town policeman must investigate a suspicious hunting accident. The investigation and other events result in him slowly disintegrating mentally.
Title: Vixen: The Movie | Genres: action, animation | Overview: Originally from Africa, Mari McCabe grew up an orphan after her parents were killed by local greed, corruption and wanton violence. But Mari refuses to succumb to the terrors surrounding her. Inheriting her family's Anansi Totem, Mari can access the powers of animals - anything from the super-strength of a gorilla to the speed of a cheetah. As Vixen, she fights valiantly to protect the world from threats like those that claimed her family.
Title: Chasing Liberty | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: The President's daughter, unable to experience life like a normal 18 year-old, escapes from her entourage of Secret Service agents while traveling in Europe. She falls in love with a handsome British stranger, who also happens to be working undercover for her father.
Title: Cat Ballou | Genres: comedy, romance, western | Overview: A woman seeking revenge for her murdered father hires a famous gunman, but he's very different from what she expects.
Title: Baskin | Genres: fantasy, horror, science fiction | Overview: Feature length version of the 2013 Turkish short film about police making a horrifying discovery in an apartment building.
Title: Anne of Green Gables: The Sequel | Genres: drama, romance, family | Overview: Anne Shirley, now a schoolteacher, has begun writing stories and collecting rejection slips. She makes the acquaintance of a handsome, rich, bachelor, chases a cow, and wins (to her chagrin) a baking soda company's writing contest. She acts as Diana's maid of honor, and refuses Gilbert Blythe's marriage proposal; which sends her to teach Kingsport Ladies' College, an exclusive girls school, where she meets opposition from one of the teachers, Miss Brooke, and the Pringle clan (one of whom is a rich, handsome bachelor). But while Anne enjoys the battle, and the friends she makes, she returns to Avonlea.
Title: The Last Mimzy | Genres: drama, science fiction, adventure | Overview: Two siblings begin to develop special talents after they find a mysterious box of toys, and soon their parents and even their teacher are drawn into a strange new world – and find a task ahead of them that is far more important than any of them could imagine.
Title: A Mermaid's Tale | Genres: family | Overview: 12-year-old Ryan moves to the town where her father was born—a bleak, dying fishing town. However, exploring the coast, she discovers a cove that is home to a mysterious girl named Coral who reveals herself to be a mermaid.
"Title: Melody Time | Genres: music, family, animation, comedy | Overview: In the grand tradition of Disney's great musical classics, Melody Time features seven timeless stories, each enhanced with high-spirited music and unforgettable characters. Disney favorite Donald Duck puts on a display of jazzy antics as the star of ""Blame It On The Samba."" Music becomes a real adventure for a busy bumble bee in ""Bumble Boogie."" Cheer on the mischievous young tugboat in ""Little Toot"" and root for the heroes of legend and myth in ""Johnny Appleseed"" and ""Pecos Bill."" You'll tap your toes and clap your hands in this witty feast for the eyes and ears."
Title: Someone Like You... | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Jane Goodale has everything going for her. She's a producer on a popular daytime talk show, and is in a hot romance with the show's dashing executive producer Ray. But when the relationship goes terribly awry, Jane begins an extensive study of the male animal, including her womanizing roommate Eddie. Jane puts her studies and romantic misadventure to use as a pseudonymous sex columnist -- and becomes a sensation.
Title: Knife in the Water | Genres: drama | Overview: On their way to an afternoon on the lake, husband and wife Andrzej and Krystyna nearly run over a young hitchhiker. Inviting the young man onto the boat with them, Andrzej begins to subtly torment him; the hitchhiker responds by making overtures toward Krystyna. When the hitchhiker is accidentally knocked overboard, the husband's panic results in unexpected consequences. This was the first feature directed by Roman Polanski.
Title: The Wild Bunch | Genres: adventure, western | Overview: Aging outlaw Pike Bishop prepares to retire after one final robbery. Joined by his gang, Dutch Engstrom and brothers Lyle and Tector Gorch, Bishop discovers the heist is a setup orchestrated in part by a former partner, Deke Thornton. As the remaining gang takes refuge in Mexican territory, Thornton trails them—resulting in fierce gunfights with plenty of casualties.
Title: Wakefield | Genres: drama | Overview: A man's nervous breakdown causes him to leave his wife and live in his attic for several months.
Title: Raw Justice | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: The mayor of a small town hires a bounty hunter to find his daughter's killer, but it turns out to be a very dangerous job.
Title: Untamed Heart | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Caroline, a young waitress who seems to have bad taste in men, is on her way home one night when thugs attempt to rape her. Adam, the mysterious busboy who works at the same diner, helps fight off the assailants, and she begins a relationship with him -- but not all their fellow Minnesotans are happy for them. Meanwhile, the couple face their own difficulties when Caroline finds about Adam's past, including his unique health condition.
Title: The Emperor's Club | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: William Hundert is a passionate and principled Classics professor who finds his tightly-controlled world shaken and inexorably altered when a new student, Sedgewick Bell, walks into his classroom. What begins as a fierce battle of wills gives way to a close student-teacher relationship, but results in a life lesson for Hundert that will still haunt him a quarter of a century later.
Title: Pulse | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: When their computer hacker friend accidentally channels a mysterious wireless signal, a group of co-eds rally to stop a terrifying evil from taking over the world.
Title: Don't Say a Word | Genres: thriller | Overview: When the daughter of a psychiatrist is kidnapped, he's horrified to discover that the abductors' demand is that he break through to a post traumatic stress disorder suffering young woman who knows a secret..
Title: Nameless Gangster | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: A corrupt customs official joins forces with a vicious gangster to form the most powerful crime partnership in Busan.
Title: Meteor Moon | Genres: adventure, science fiction | Overview: When a meteor crashes into the moon and shifts its axis, Earth's gravity pulls the moon into the path of the planet. Now, a group of scientists must figure out how to stop the moon from hitting the earth before it's too late.
Title: Butterfly on a Wheel | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A sociopathic kidnapper methodically pushes a desperate pair of parents to their absolute breaking point.
Title: Cop Out | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: Detectives Jimmy and Paul, despite nine years as partners, can still sometimes seem like polar opposites—especially when Paul's unpredictable antics get them suspended without pay. Already strapped for cash and trying to pay for his daughter's wedding, Jimmy decides to sell a rare baseball card that's worth tens of thousands. Unfortunately, when the collector's shop is robbed and the card vanishes with the crook, Paul and Jimmy end up going rogue, tracking down the card and the drug ring behind its theft, all on their own time and without any backup—except for each other.
Title: Picture This | Genres: comedy | Overview: Bookish and unpopular Mandy finds her luck finally changing when Drew, the school hottie, invites her to the year's biggest party. But with being grounded and Drew's ex-girlfriend bent on thwarting her, Mandy may be destined to remain a geek. Can a little ingenuity and some help from her friends save the day?
Title: Have a Good Trip: Adventures in Psychedelics | Genres: documentary | Overview: Celebrities recall their most mind-bending trips via animations, reenactments and more in this comedic documentary exploring the story of psychedelics.
Title: Wuthering Heights | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Yorkshire moorlands, northern England, in the late 18th century. Young Heathcliff, rescued from the streets of Liverpool by Mr. Earnshaw, the owner of Wuthering Heights, an isolated farm, develops over the years an insane passion for Cathy, his foster sister, a sick obsession destined to end tragically.
Title: The Glass House | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: When Ruby and Rhett's parents are killed in a car accident, their carefree teenage lives are suddenly shattered. Moving to an incredible house in Malibu with the Glasses', old friends of the family, seems to be the beginning of a new life for them.
"Title: Chucky's Vacation Slides | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: Slasher-film star Chucky, his wife Tiffany, and their gender-ambiguous child Glen/Glenda gather in the living room for a slideshow of their vacation. Despite promising that he would ""cut back"" on his murderous behavior, the remains of Chucky's victims keep appearing throughout the slides."
Title: A Very Murray Christmas | Genres: comedy, music | Overview: Bill Murray worries no one will show up to his TV show due to a massive snowstorm in New York City. Through luck and perseverance, guests arrive at Gotham’s Carlyle Hotel to help him — dancing and singing in holiday spirit.
Title: The Burning Plain | Genres: drama, romance, crime | Overview: A trailer is burning in the middle of a plain. The bodies of two adulterous lovers are found. Scenes from both families, before and after the dramatic events, suggest an unusual connection between them. But what is their secret?
Title: Supercross | Genres: action, adventure, drama, romance | Overview: Faced with the suspicious death of their father, two brothers must motivate one another to get back on their bikes and take the Las Vegas Motocross Championships by storm.
Title: Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, thriller | Overview: It is the 23rd century. The Federation Starship U.S.S. Enterprise is on routine training maneuvers and Admiral James T. Kirk seems resigned to the fact that this inspection may well be the last space mission of his career. But Khan is back. Aided by his exiled band of genetic supermen, Khan - brilliant renegade of 20th century Earth - has raided Space Station Regula One, stolen a top secret device called Project Genesis, wrested control of another Federation Starship and sets out in pursuit of the Enterprise, determined to let nothing stand in the way of his mission: kill Admiral Kirk... even if it means universal Armageddon.
Title: Fat Girl | Genres: drama | Overview: Anaïs is twelve and bears the weight of the world on her shoulders. She watches her older sister, Elena, whom she both loves and hates. Elena is fifteen and devilishly beautiful. Neither more futile, nor more stupid than her younger sister, she cannot understand that she is merely an object of desire. And, as such, she can only be taken. Or had. Indeed, this is the subject: a girl's loss of virginity. And, that summer, it opens a door to tragedy.
Title: Rebecca | Genres: mystery, drama, thriller, romance | Overview: Story of a young woman who marries a fascinating widower only to find out that she must live in the shadow of his former wife, Rebecca, who died mysteriously several years earlier. The young wife must come to grips with the terrible secret of her handsome, cold husband, Max De Winter. She must also deal with the jealous, obsessed Mrs. Danvers, the housekeeper, who will not accept her as the mistress of the house.
Title: Turu, the Wacky Hen | Genres: family, animation, music, adventure | Overview: Like a love song to differences, Turu, the Wacky Hen tells the story of a creature who, due to her particular appearance, becomes the object of ridicule for the rest of the henhouse. Her wiry legs and featherless back don’t startle Isabel, an ex music teacher who picks her for being so special. Turuleca doesn’t lay eggs because her hidden talent is another: she talks, she sings and she dances, giving it her all. Turu, the Wacky Hen is a full-color, animated party that invites us to move our bodies to its musical numbers, making us sing verses that have the power to turn us into children once again, if only for a little while.
Title: The Dinner | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: Two brothers and their wives meet up at a haute-cuisine restaurant to discuss what to do about a horrific crime that their sons committed together. As the quartet debate their options, the conversation reopens old wounds between the siblings.
Title: Blues Brothers 2000 | Genres: music, action, comedy, crime | Overview: Finally released from prison, Elwood Blues is once again enlisted by Sister Mary Stigmata in her latest crusade to raise funds for a children's hospital. Hitting the road to re-unite the band and win the big prize at the New Orleans Battle of the Bands, Elwood is pursued cross-country by the cops.
Title: The Lost Bladesman | Genres: history, drama, action, war | Overview: During the warring period of the three kingdoms, ancient China is in turmoil. To unify the country, general Cao Cao (Jiang Wen), the real power behind the Emperor, enlists the aid of the greatest warrior in the land, Guan Yu (Donnie Yen). However, Guan Yu is a loyal friend of Cao Cao's enemy Liu Bei (Alex Fong) so to persuade the peerless warrior to fight, Cao Cao takes his beloved Qi Lan (Sun Li) hostage. After leading Cao Cao's forces to victory Guan Yu sets out with Qi Lan to rejoin Liu Bei. But now Cao Cao has deemed him too great a threat to live, and on the journey he must face all the forces at the Emperor's command sent to destroy him.
Title: Ted Bundy: Mind of a Monster | Genres: crime, documentary | Overview: New exclusive access and never before heard testimony gives a unique insight into the mind of America's most notorious serial killer, Ted Bundy. Breathtaking archive from the time and the voice of Bundy himself, reveals the monster inside the man.
Title: Blindspotting | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Collin must make it through his final three days of probation for a chance at a new beginning. He and his troublemaking childhood best friend, Miles, work as movers, and when Collin witnesses a police shooting, the two men’s friendship is tested as they grapple with identity and their changed realities in the rapidly-gentrifying neighborhood they grew up in.
Title: Bratz: Rock Angelz | Genres: animation, family | Overview: The Bratz girls have hit upon the perfect way to express themselves and their stylin' creativity by starting up their own teen magazine. Yasmin, Chloe, Jade, and Sasha are in for some fashion-forward adventure when their first task at the mag is to fly to London to cover a super-hot rock concert. Unfortunately, rival journalists from YOUR THING magazine have gotten the same idea. Mean-spirited editor Burdine Maxwell and her evil interns, twins Kirstee and Kaycee, happen to show up right when the Bratz girls lose their passes to the show. Coincidence? Probably not, but now the girls have to find another way to get in, and they realize the only way they can get access is to become a rock band themselves! It's time to rock out and save the mag, all in a day's work for these hip chicks.
Title: Bullet in the Head | Genres: thriller, crime, drama, action, war | Overview: When three close friends escape from Hong Kong to war-time Saigon to start a criminal's life, they all go through a harrowing experience which totally shatters their lives and their friendship forever.
Title: You're Killing Me Susana | Genres: romance, drama, comedy | Overview: An actor's world comes crashing down after he learns that his wife has left him.
Title: Bloodsport II | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: After thief Alex Cardo gets caught while stealing an ancient katana in East Asia, he soon finds himself imprisoned and beaten up by the crowd there. One of the guards, Demon, feels upset by Alex appearance and tortures him as often as he gets the opportunity. Alex finds a friend and mentor in the jailhouse, Master Sun, who teaches him a superior fighting style called Iron Hand. When a 'best of the best kumite' is to take place, Demon gets an invitation. Now Master Sun and Alex need to find a way to let Alex take part in the kumite too.
Title: Paradise Beach | Genres: action | Overview: A team of former robbers arrived at Paradise: Phuket, southern Thailand. Now traders, they are happy days. Until the day when the devil arrives: Mehdi, sentenced to 15 years in prison during the robbery, comes to recover his share of the cake.
Title: Paradise Alley | Genres: action, drama | Overview: Sylvester Stallone is fighting the odds again, this time in the wrestling ring. As Cosmo Carboni, he and his two brothers dream of getting out of Hell's Kitchen (circa 1946) and into the big time. The exit signs point to Paradise Alley, a sleazy private club where the floorshow consists of raucous wrestling matches with big purses. Stallone not only starred in and wrote this action-packed film, he also made his directorial debut in this tale of three guys who could take anything Hell's Kitchen could dish out.
Title: Watership Down | Genres: adventure, animation, drama | Overview: When the warren belonging to a community of rabbits is threatened, a brave group led by Fiver, Bigwig, Blackberry and Hazel leave their homeland in a search of a safe new haven.
Title: Felony | Genres: mystery, thriller, crime | Overview: Three detectives become embroiled in a tense struggle after a tragic accident that leaves a child in critical condition. One is guilty of a crime, one will try to cover it up, and the other attempts to expose it. How far will these men go to disguise and unravel the truth?
Title: Sid and Nancy | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: January 1978. After their success in England, the punk rock band Sex Pistols venture out on their tour of the southern United States. Temperamental bassist Sid Vicious is forced by his band mates to travel without his troubled girlfriend, Nancy Spungen, who will meet him in New York. When the band breaks up and Sid begins his solo career in a hostile city, the turbulent couple definitely falls into the depths of drug addiction.
Title: Altitude | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A female FBI agent is offered millions to help a thief escape from a hijacked airplane.
Title: You, Me and Dupree | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: After standing in as best man for his longtime friend Carl Petersen, Randy Dupree loses his job, becomes a barfly and attaches himself to the newlywed couple almost permanently -- as their houseguest. But the longer Dupree camps out on their couch, the closer he gets to Carl's bride, Molly, leaving the frustrated groom wondering when his pal will be moving out.
Title: Knight Rider | Genres: science fiction, tv movie | Overview: When a group of ruthless mercenaries kill a reclusive scientist, his creation, a new model of artificially intelligent supercar, escapes to find his daughter and recruit a ex-soldier to thwart them. Pilot for the reboot of the television series Knight Rider.
Title: Fearless Hyena 2 | Genres: action | Overview: A pair of evil kung-fu artists, Heaven and Earth, are slaughtering the entire Yin-Yang brotherhood.
Title: Everyone's Hero | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family | Overview: A boy begins a grand journey to return Babe Ruth's baseball bat before the deciding game of the 1932 World Series comes to a close.
"Title: Mark Felt: The Man Who Brought Down the White House | Genres: drama, history, thriller | Overview: The story of Mark Felt, who under the name ""Deep Throat"" helped journalists Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein uncover the Watergate scandal in 1974."
Title: The Golden Glove | Genres: drama, thriller, crime, horror | Overview: A serial killer strikes fear in the hearts of residents of Hamburg during the early 1970s.
Title: Boomerang | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Marcus is a successful advertising executive who woos and beds women almost at will. After a company merger he finds that his new boss, the ravishing Jacqueline, is treating him in exactly the same way. Completely traumatised by this, his work goes badly downhill.
Title: Hellraiser: Bloodline | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: In the 22nd century, a scientist attempts to right the wrong his ancestor created: the puzzle box that opens the gates of Hell and unleashes Pinhead and his Cenobite legions
Title: The Survivalist | Genres: thriller, mystery, action | Overview: A year and a half after the fall of civilization from a virus outbreak, a former FBI agent is forced to protect a young woman, who is immune to the disease, from a dangerous gang hunting her led by a psychopath who believes he’s going to use her to save the world.
Title: Paparazzi | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: A rising Hollywood actor decides to take personal revenge against a group of four persistent photographers to make them pay for almost causing a personal tragedy involving his wife and son.
Title: Fight Back to School | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Star Chow is about to be kicked out of the Royal Hong Kong Police's elite Special Duties Unit (SDU). But a senior officer decides to give him one last chance: Star must go undercover as a student at the Edinburgh High School in Hong Kong to recover the senior officer's missing revolver.
Title: Code Name: The Cleaner | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: Cedric the Entertainer plays Jake, a seemingly regular guy who has no idea who he is after being hit over the head by mysterious assailants. When he finds himself entangled in a government conspiracy, Jake and his pursuers become convinced that he is an undercover agent.
Title: A Secret Love | Genres: documentary | Overview: Amid shifting times, two women kept their decades-long love a secret. But coming out later in life comes with its own set of challenges.
Title: An American Pickle | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: An immigrant worker at a pickle factory is accidentally preserved for 100 years and wakes up in modern day Brooklyn. He learns his only surviving relative is his great grandson, a computer coder who he can’t connect with.
Title: Airport '77 | Genres: action, adventure, drama, thriller | Overview: Flight 23 has crashed in the Bermuda Triangle after a hijacking gone wrong. Now the surviving passengers must brave panic, slow leaks, oxygen depletion, and more while attempting a daring plan, all while 200 feet underwater.
Title: Like Father | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: When a workaholic young executive, is left at the altar, she ends up on her Caribbean honeymoon cruise with the last person she ever expected: her estranged and equally workaholic father. The two depart as strangers, but over the course of a few hilarious adventures, a couple of umbrella-clad cocktails and a whole lot of soul-searching, they return with a renewed appreciation for family and life.
Title: The Ark | Genres: drama, tv movie | Overview: Noah, a farmer and family man, is instructed by an angel to build an ark in the middle of a desert in order to save both his family and the faithful from a devastating flood. A seemingly impossible task, especially when his sons refuse to believe him and help, Noah risks ridicule and humiliation from the degenerate townsfolk as well as his loving but exasperated family, in his quest to carry out his God-given task.
Title: Freelancers | Genres: mystery, drama, action, crime | Overview: The son of a slain NYPD officer joins the force, where he falls in with his father's former partner and a team of rogue cops. His new boss, Sarcone, will see if he has what it takes to be rogue through many trials and tribulations of loyalty, trust and respect. When the truth about his father's death is revealed revenge takes him over and he won't stop until justice has been truly served.
Title: Albert Nobbs | Genres: drama | Overview: Albert Nobbs struggles to survive in late 19th century Ireland, where women aren't encouraged to be independent. Posing as a man, so she can work as a butler in Dublin's most posh hotel, Albert meets a handsome painter and looks to escape the lie she has been living.
Title: Who Said Detox? | Genres: comedy, drama, family | Overview: Connie, a young lawyer and supporter of her family, will be involved in a bet to win an account at the law firm where she works, otherwise she will be fired. This bet will lead her to unintentionally expose her own life on social networks in a way she never imagined, leading her to hilarious, funny and even embarrassing situations. Will Connie win the bet?
Title: The Old Ways | Genres: horror, fantasy | Overview: Cristina, a journalist of Mexican origin, travels to her ancestral home in Veracruz to investigate a story of sorcery and healing. There, she is kidnapped by a group of locals who claim she's the devil incarnated.
Title: Horse Girl | Genres: drama | Overview: A socially awkward woman with a fondness for arts and crafts, horses, and supernatural crime shows finds her increasingly lucid dreams trickling into her waking life.
Title: Vita & Virginia | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Socialite Vita Sackville-West and literary icon Virginia Woolf run in different circles in 1920s London. Despite the odds, the magnetic Vita and the beguiling Virginia forge an unconventional affair, set against the backdrop of their own strikingly contemporary marriages; which inspired one of Woolf's most iconic novels, 'Orlando'.
Title: The Undefeated | Genres: western | Overview: After the Civil War, ex-Union Colonel John Henry Thomas and ex-Confederate Colonel James Langdon are leading two disparate groups of people through strife-torn Mexico. John Henry and company are bringing horses to the unpopular Mexican government for $35 a head while Langdon is leading a contingent of displaced southerners, who are looking for a new life in Mexico after losing their property to carpetbaggers. The two men are eventually forced to mend their differences in order to fight off both bandits and revolutionaries, as they try to lead their friends and kin to safety.
Title: OSS 117: Cairo, Nest of Spies | Genres: crime, action, adventure, comedy | Overview: Secret agent OSS 117 foils Nazis, beds local beauties, and brings peace to the Middle East.
Title: Fire Down Below | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: When an EPA representative is murdered in a small Appalachian community, EPA undercover agent Jack Taggart is sent in—posing as a handyman working with a Christian relief agency—to determine what happened.
Title: #AnneFrank. Parallel Stories | Genres: documentary, drama, history | Overview: One single Anne Frank moves us more than the countless others who suffered just as she did but whose faces have remained in the shadows-Primo Levi. The Oscar®-winning Helen Mirren will introduce audiences to Anne Frank's story through the words in her diary. The set will be her room in the secret refuge in Amsterdam, reconstructed in every detail by set designers from the Piccolo Theatre in Milan. Anne Frank this year would have been 90 years old. Anne's story is intertwined with that of five Holocaust survivors, teenage girls just like her, with the same ideals, the same desire to live: Arianna Szörenyi, Sarah Lichtsztejn-Montard, Helga Weiss and sisters Andra and Tatiana Bucci. Their testimonies alternate with those of their children and grandchildren.
Title: Angels Fallen | Genres: horror, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: After the tragic loss of his wife battling the forces of darkness, Gabriel is persuaded to rejoin his former team of demon hunters traveling from relatively obscurity in America to the deep unknown regions of Europe. He is joined by his estranged best friend Michael who harbors a dark secret, the mystical Hannah whose visions predict the future, and a motley crew of demon slayers. After losing part of his team Gabriel must confront his tragic past and decide who really is friend or foe.
Title: We Are Marshall | Genres: drama, history | Overview: When a plane crash claims the lives of members of the Marshall University football team and some of its fans, the team's new coach and his surviving players try to keep the football program alive.
Title: Unknown Origins | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: In Madrid, Spain, a mysterious serial killer ruthlessly murders his victims by recreating the first appearance of several comic book superheroes. Cosme, a veteran police inspector who is about to retire, works on the case along with the tormented inspector David Valentín and his own son Jorge Elías, a nerdy young man who owns a comic book store.
Title: Get a Job | Genres: comedy | Overview: A recent college graduate and his friends are forced to lower life expectations when they leave school for the real world. Life after college graduation is not exactly going as planned for Will and Jillian who find themselves lost in a sea of increasingly strange jobs. But with help from their family, friends and coworkers they soon discover that the most important (and hilarious) adventures are the ones that we don't see coming.
Title: A Good Year | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Failed London banker Max Skinner inherits his uncle's vineyard in Provence, where he spent many childhood holidays. Upon his arrival, he meets a woman from California who tells Max she is his long-lost cousin and that the property is hers.
Title: Naked Lunch | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: Blank-faced bug killer Bill Lee and his dead-eyed wife, Joan, like to get high on Bill's pest poisons while lounging with Beat poet pals. After meeting the devilish Dr. Benway, Bill gets a drug made from a centipede. Upon indulging, he accidentally kills Joan, takes orders from his typewriter-turned-cockroach, ends up in a constantly mutating Mediterranean city and learns that his hip friends have published his work -- which he doesn't remember writing.
Title: Charlotte's Web | Genres: family, music, animation, drama, comedy | Overview: Wilbur the pig is scared of the end of the season, because he knows that come that time, he will end up on the dinner table. He hatches a plan with Charlotte, a spider that lives in his pen, to ensure that this will never happen.
Title: See Spot Run | Genres: family, comedy, action, crime | Overview: A drug sniffing agent canine is a target for an assassin boss so the FBI calls Witness Protection to send him somewhere else. Meanwhile a single Mom puts her 6 year old boy James in the care of her irresponsible, mailman, neighbor, Gordon, when the babysitter bails on her. Meanwhile, an assassin mob boss hires 2 goons to kill Agent 11. But when 11 escapes from the van when they tried to kill him, he hides in Gordon's Mailtruck that James is in too. And guess what they name him. Spot.
Title: Repulsion | Genres: drama, thriller, horror | Overview: Beautiful young manicurist Carole suffers from androphobia (the pathological fear of interaction with men). When her sister and roommate, Helen, leaves their London flat to go on an Italian holiday with her married boyfriend, Carole withdraws into her apartment. She begins to experience frightful hallucinations, her fear gradually mutating into madness.
Title: Midnight Runners | Genres: comedy, action, mystery | Overview: Two apathetic police academy recruits who become best buddies through the tough training together witness a woman being abducted right before their very eyes. As they were taught in the academy, they quickly report the incident to the police, but the police are in no hurry to jump on the case. So the duo decide to take the matter into their own hands and rescue the woman.
Title: Good Bye Lenin! | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Alex Kerner's mother was in a coma while the Berlin wall fell. When she wakes up he must try to keep her from learning what happened (as she was an avid communist supporter) to avoid shocking her which could lead to another heart attack.
Title: Double World | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Keen to bring honor to his clan, young villager Dong Yilong embarks on a perilous journey to compete in a tournament that selects warriors for battle.
Title: Cemetery Junction | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: In 1970s England, three blue-collar friends spend their days joking, drinking, fighting and chasing girls. Freddie wants to leave their working-class world but cool, charismatic Bruce and lovable loser Snork are happy with life the way it is. When Freddie gets a new job as a door-to-door salesman and bumps into his old school sweetheart Julie, the gang are forced to make choices that will change their lives for ever.
Title: Jumpin' Jack Flash | Genres: romance, comedy, thriller | Overview: Terry works for a bank, and uses computers to communicate with clients all over the world. One day, she gets a strange coded message from an unknown source. After decoding the message, Terry becomes embroiled in an espionage ring. People are killed, and Terry is chased. Throughout, she remains in contact with this mysterious person, who needs Terry's help save his life.
Title: Matador | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A conflicted youth confesses to crimes he didn't commit while a man and woman aroused by death become obsessed with each other.
Title: Yentl | Genres: music, drama, romance | Overview: Rebbe Mendel is a single father who teaches the Talmud, a sacred text of Judaism, to the boys of his small Polish town. Behind closed doors, he also instructs his daughter, Yentl, despite the fact that girls are forbidden to study religious scripture. When Yentl's father dies, she still has a strong desire to learn about her faith -- so she disguises herself as a male, enrolls in a religious school, and unexpectedly finds love along the way.
Title: Champions | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: A disgraced basketball coach is given the chance to coach Los Amigos, a team of players who are intellectually disabled, and soon realizes they just might have what it takes to make it to the national championships.
Title: The Crew | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: One of the members of a gang of thieves commits a serious mistake that force them to work for a ruthless gang of drug dealers, endangering the future of the team, their lives and those of their families.
Title: Samsara | Genres: documentary | Overview: Filmed over nearly five years in twenty-five countries on five continents, and shot on seventy-millimetre film, Samsara transports us to the varied worlds of sacred grounds, disaster zones, industrial complexes, and natural wonders.
Title: Quiz Show | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Lawyer Richard Goodwin discovers that 'Twenty-One', a successful TV quiz show, is rigged and decides to expose the team behind the show.
Title: Forces of Nature | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Ben Holmes, a professional book-jacket blurbologist, is trying to get to Savannah for his wedding. He just barely catches the last plane, but a seagull flies into the engine as the plane is taking off. All later flights are cancelled because of an approaching hurricane, so he is forced to hitch a ride in a Geo Metro with an attractive but eccentric woman named Sara.
Title: Stockholm | Genres: crime, comedy | Overview: Based on the extraordinary true story of the European city’s 1973 bank heist and hostage crisis that was documented in the 1974 New Yorker article “The Bank Drama” by Daniel Lang. The events grasped the world’s attention when the hostages bonded with their captors and turned against the authorities, giving rise to the psychological phenomenon known as “Stockholm Syndrome.”
Title: Mutiny on the Bounty | Genres: adventure, drama, history | Overview: Fletcher Christian successfully leads a revolt against the ruthless Captain Bligh on the HMS Bounty. However, Bligh returns one year later, hell bent on avenging his captors.
Title: The Executioner | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: An undertaker gets married to an old executioner's daughter and, although he doesn't like it, must continue the profession of his father-in-law after his retirement.
Title: Madame Bovary | Genres: drama | Overview: The classic story of Emma Bovary, the beautiful wife of a small-town doctor in 19th century France, who engages in extra marital affairs in an attempt to advance her social status.
Title: Seabiscuit | Genres: drama, history | Overview: True story of the undersized Depression-era racehorse whose victories lifted not only the spirits of the team behind it but also those of their nation.
Title: The Devil's Own | Genres: crime, thriller, drama | Overview: Frankie McGuire, one of the IRA's deadliest assassins, draws an American family into the crossfire of terrorism. But when he is sent to the U.S. to buy weapons, Frankie is housed with the family of Tom O'Meara, a New York cop who knows nothing about Frankie's real identity. Their surprising friendship, and Tom's growing suspicions, forces Frankie to choose between the promise of peace or a lifetime of murder.
Title: Blind Date | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: When bachelor Walter Davis is set up with his sister-in-law's pretty cousin, Nadia Gates, a seemingly average blind date turns into a chaotic night on the town. Walter's brother, Ted, tells him not to let Nadia drink alcohol, but he dismisses the warning and her behaviour gets increasingly wild. Walter and Nadia's numerous incidents are made even worse as her former lover David relentlessly follows them around town.
Title: The Queen of Spain | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: After her experiences in Nazi Germany, actress Macarena Granada traveled to Hollywood, where she became a star. In the 1950s, the diva returns to Francoist Spain to star a Hollywood blockbuster about Queen Isabella I of Castile. (A sequel to “The Girl of Your Dreams,” 1998.)
Title: Joshua Tree | Genres: action | Overview: Wellman Santee (Dolph Lundgren) a former race car driver, whose livelihood is transporting exotic stolen super cars, is involved, with his partner Eddie, in shoot out, resulting in the deaths of his friend and a highway cop. Santee is framed for the cop's murder and jailed in a maximum security prison. A few months later, Santee breaks out after narrowly escaping an attempt on his life. He reaches a local diner where he steals a car, abducts the owner, Rita and flees, completely unaware that his hostage is a deputy sheriff. A massive manhunt ensues, spearheaded by Lt. Severance a tough, obessive cop. Santee leads the detective and his men on a dramatic high speed chase, from the desert wilderness to the streets of downtown Los Angeles. Santee's out to clear his name and when it comes to getting even, he's taking revenge into overdrive.
Title: Cold Blood | Genres: thriller, action | Overview: A legendary but retired hit man lives in peace and isolation in the barren North American wilderness. When he rescues a woman from a snowmobiling accident, he soon discovers that she's harboring a secret that forces him to return to his lethal ways.
Title: Resistance | Genres: war, history, drama | Overview: The story of mime Marcel Marceau as he works with a group of Jewish boy scouts and the French Resistance to save the lives of ten thousand orphans during World War II.
Title: Christmas Vacation 2: Cousin Eddie's Island Adventure | Genres: comedy | Overview: Though Eddie's fired right at Christmastime, his boss sends him and his family on a South Pacific vacation, hoping Eddie won't sue him after being bitten by a lab monkey. When the Tuttle family winds up trapped on a tropical island, however, Eddie manages to provide for everyone and prove himself a real man.
Title: The Perilous Internet Ring | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A college student investigates a series of mysterious deaths.
Title: BPM (Beats per Minute) | Genres: drama | Overview: Paris, in the early 1990s: a group of young activists is desperately tied to finding the cure against an unknown lethal disease. They target the pharmaceutical labs that are retaining potential cures, and multiply direct actions, with the hope of saving their lives as well as the ones of future generations.
"Title: The Land Before Time IX: Journey to Big Water | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: Beloved dinosaurs Littlefoot, Cera, Spike, Petrie and Ducky return in this story about the wonders of discovery that features new songs, including Donny Osmond's ""No One Has to Be Alone."""
Title: Up in the Air | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Corporate downsizing expert Ryan Bingham spends his life in planes, airports, and hotels, but just as he’s about to reach a milestone of ten million frequent flyer miles, he meets a woman who causes him to rethink his transient life.
Title: Five Nights at Freddy's: The Fan Film | Genres: action, horror, mystery | Overview: A young man named Mike Schmidt loses his brother to the clutches of an evil force. Desperate to know more about what happened, his only link to finding the truth is a job at Freddy Fazbear's Pizza, where four deadly animatronics await him.
Title: Unleashing Mr. Darcy | Genres: romance, tv movie, comedy | Overview: Fishing for direction in life, Elizabeth gets the opportunity of showing her dog in a fancy New York dog show. The judge, Donovan Darcy, comes across as aristocratic and rude, and a chain of misunderstandings unfold during the competition, complicating their attraction to one another.
Title: Dave | Genres: comedy | Overview: A sweet-natured Temp Agency operator and amateur Presidential look-alike is recruited by the Secret Service to become a temporary stand-in for the President of the United States.
Title: Mean Streets | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: A small-time hood must choose from among love, friendship and the chance to rise within the mob.
Title: Elle | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: When Michèle, the CEO of a gaming software company, is attacked in her home by an unknown assailant, she refuses to let it alter her precisely ordered life. She manages crises involving family, all the while becoming engaged in a game of cat and mouse with her stalker.
Title: Revenge of the Nerds | Genres: comedy | Overview: At Adams College, the jocks rule the school from their house on high, the Alpha Beta fraternity. So when a group of socially-challenged misfits try to go Greek, they're instantly rejected by every house on campus. Deciding to start their own fraternity to protect their outcast brothers, the campus nerds soon find themselves in a battle royale as the Alpha Betas try to crush their new rivals.
Title: Psych: The Movie | Genres: comedy, crime, mystery, tv movie | Overview: The ambitious friends come together during the holidays after a mystery assailant targets one of their own. A comedic thrill-ride follows, as the wild and unpredictable Psych team pursues the bad guys, justice … and, of course, food!
Title: Bad Lieutenant | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: While investigating a young nun's rape, a corrupt New York City police detective, with a serious drug and gambling addiction, tries to change his ways and find forgiveness.
Title: Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back | Genres: comedy | Overview: When Jay and Silent Bob learn that their comic-book alter egos, Bluntman and Chronic, have been sold to Hollywood as part of a big-screen movie that leaves them out of any royalties, the pair travels to Tinseltown to sabotage the production.
Title: Joe Somebody | Genres: comedy, romance, family, drama | Overview: When underappreciated video specialist Joe Scheffer is brutally humiliated by the office bully Mark McKinney in front of his daughter, Joe begins a quest for personal redemption. He proceeds by enduring a personal make-over and takes martial arts lessons from a B-action star. As news spreads of his rematch with Mark, Joe suddenly finds himself the center of attention, ascending the corporate ladder and growing in popularity. He's determined to show everyone in his life that he is not a nobody, but a force to be reckoned with.
Title: The Bridge at Remagen | Genres: history, war, action | Overview: In March of 1945, as the War in Europe is coming to a close, fighting erupts between German and American troops at the last remaining bridgehead across the Rhine.
Title: Escape from Mogadishu | Genres: war, drama, action | Overview: Diplomats from the North and South Korean embassies in Somalia attempt a daring joint escape from Mogadishu when the outbreak of civil war leaves them stranded.
Title: Patrick | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: A woman's chaotic life becomes more complicated when she inherits her grandmother's dog.
Title: Heart and Souls | Genres: fantasy, comedy, romance | Overview: A businessman is reunited with the four lost souls who were his guardian angels during childhood, all with a particular purpose to joining the afterlife.
Title: We Own the Night | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: A New York nightclub manager tries to save his brother and father from Russian mafia hitmen.
Title: Hope Gap | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A couple's visit with their son takes a dramatic turn when the father tells him he plans on leaving his mother.
Title: Planet of the Sharks | Genres: action, horror, science fiction | Overview: In the near future, glacial melting has covered 98% of earth's landmass. Sharks have flourished and now dominate the planet, operating as one massive school led by a mutated alpha shark.
Title: Bucky Larson: Born to Be a Star | Genres: comedy | Overview: A kid from the Midwest moves out to Hollywood in order to follow in his parents footsteps -- and become a porn star.
Title: Lady in the Water | Genres: drama, fantasy, mystery | Overview: Apartment building superintendent Cleveland Heep rescues what he thinks is a young woman from the pool he maintains. When he discovers that she is actually a character from a bedtime story who is trying to make the journey back to her home, he works with his tenants to protect his new friend from the creatures that are determined to keep her in our world.
Title: The Beta Test | Genres: thriller, horror, comedy | Overview: An engaged Hollywood agent receives a mysterious letter for an anonymous sexual encounter and becomes ensnared in a sinister world of lying, infidelity, and digital data.
Title: Once Upon a Forest | Genres: animation, family, adventure | Overview: A young mouse, mole and hedgehog risk their lives to find a cure for their badger friend, who's been poisoned by men.
Title: The Disaster Artist | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: An aspiring actor in Hollywood meets an enigmatic stranger by the name of Tommy Wiseau, the meeting leads the actor down a path nobody could have predicted; creating the worst movie ever made.
Title: The Legend of Hei | Genres: animation, fantasy, action | Overview: In the bustling human world, various demons are hidden and live in peace with humans. Luo Xiaohei, the cat demon, begins his journey of wandering because his forest home is destroyed. On his search for a new home he encounters other demons as well as understanding human allies, leaving Hei in the dilemma of which side will be his true attribution.
Title: Arthur & Merlin: Knights of Camelot | Genres: adventure, history, action | Overview: King Arthur returns home after fighting the Roman Empire. His illegitimate son has corrupted the throne of Camelot and King Arthur must reunite with the wizard Merlin and the Knights of the Round Table to fight to get back his crown.
Title: The Swordsman | Genres: action, drama, history | Overview: After being blinded in a coup against the king, Joseon’s greatest swordsman (Jang Hyuk) goes into hiding, far removed from his city’s anguish. But when traffickers kidnap his daughter, he has no choice but to unsheathe his sword once more.
Title: Love Me If You Dare | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: As adults, best friends Julien and Sophie continue the odd game they started as children -- a fearless competition to outdo one another with daring and outrageous stunts. While they often act out to relieve one another's pain, their game might be a way to avoid the fact that they are truly meant for one another.
Title: American Ninja 5 | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: When a scientists daughter is kidnapped, American Ninja, attempts to find her, but this time he teams up with a youngster he has trained in the ways of the ninja.
Title: Oscenità | Genres: drama | Overview: The film presents an array of nasty stuff like, intercourse with a tree branch, candle masturbation, whipping, orgies, toe masturbation, and a woman screwing around with a real corn cob.
Title: Torn Curtain | Genres: drama, thriller, romance | Overview: During the Cold War, an American scientist appears to defect to East Germany as part of a cloak and dagger mission to find the formula for a resin solution, but the plan goes awry when his fiancee, unaware of his motivation, follows him across the border.
Title: Dreambuilders | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: Minna, a young girl, misuses her newfound ability to create and control other people’s dreams to teach her bothersome stepsister a lesson. When her stepsister can no longer wake up, Minna has to enter the dream world to save her.
Title: Rob the Mob | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: The true-life story of a crazy-in-love Queens couple who robbed a series of mafia social clubs and got away with it… for a while… until they stumble upon a score bigger than they ever planned and become targets of both the mob and the FBI.
Title: Lotoman | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: Modesto and Manuel are brothers whose lives change by wining the lottery.
Title: Arabian Nights | Genres: drama, fantasy, adventure, comedy | Overview: The final part of Pasolini's Trilogy of Life series is rich with exotic tales of slaves and kings, potions, betrayals, demons and, most of all, love and lovemaking in all its myriad forms. Mysterious and liberating, this is an exquisitely dreamlike and adult interpretation of the original folk tales.
Title: Dangerous Liaisons | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In 18th century France, Marquise de Merteuil asks her ex-lover Vicomte de Valmont to seduce the future wife of another ex-lover of hers in return for one last night with her. Yet things don’t go as planned.
Title: Sailor Moon S the Movie: Hearts in Ice | Genres: animation, fantasy, action, romance, comedy | Overview: As Usagi and her friends enjoy Christmas vacation, an unusual and fierce snowstorm hits town... The evil Snow Queen Kaguya has returned to claim Earth as her own. Crucial to Queen Kaguya's plan is a magical crystal from outer space, approaching Earth disguised as a comet. Once she gets hold of the crystal, she will have the power to suck away all life energy and cover the Earth in ice. Will Sailor Moon find the crystal before Queen Kaguya? Will her powers be enough to save the Earth from permanent winter? All hope lies with the Legendary Ultimate Scout Power!
Title: The Lion in Winter | Genres: drama, history | Overview: 1183 AD: King Henry II's three sons all want to inherit the throne, but he won't commit to a choice. They and his wife variously plot to force him. An aging and conniving King Henry II of England and Ireland plans a reunion where he hopes to name his successor. He summons the following people for the holiday at his chateau and primary residence in Chinon, Anjou, within the Angevin Empire of medieval France: his scheming but imprisoned wife, Queen Eleanor of Aquitaine; his mistress, Princess Alais, whom he wishes to marry; his three sons, gay Richard the Lionheart , Geoffrey, and John, all of whom desire the throne; and the young, but crafty King Philip II of France, who is also Alais' half-brother.
Title: Toolbox Murders | Genres: mystery, horror, thriller | Overview: A historic Hollywood hotel houses a supernatural evil. It's been subdued for decades - but when renovations start, a series of murders take place. It's up to our heroine to solve the mystery.
Title: She-Devil | Genres: comedy | Overview: A cunning and resourceful housewife vows revenge on her husband when he begins an affair with a wealthy romance novelist.
Title: The Company of Wolves | Genres: horror, fantasy | Overview: An adaptation of Angela Carter's fairy tales. Young Rosaleen dreams of a village in the dark woods, where Granny tells her cautionary tales in which innocent maidens are tempted by wolves who are hairy on the inside. As Rosaleen grows into womanhood, will the wolves come for her too?
Title: Thirst | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: Sang-hyun, a respected priest, volunteers for an experimental procedure that may lead to a cure for a deadly virus. He gets infected and dies, but a blood transfusion of unknown origin brings him back to life as a vampire. Now, Sang-hyun is torn between faith and bloodlust, and has a newfound desire for Tae-ju, the wife of his childhood friend.
Title: The Deep End of the Ocean | Genres: drama, mystery | Overview: Michelle Pfeiffer is ferocious in the role of a desperate mother whose 3-year-old son disappears during her high school reunion. Nine years later, by chance, he turns up in the town in which the family has just relocated. Based on Jacquelyn Mitchard's best-selling novel (an Oprah book club selection), the movie effectively presents the troubling dynamics that exist between family members who've suffered such an unsettling loss.
Title: You Don't Know Jack | Genres: drama, tv movie | Overview: Jack Kervorkian is one of the most polarizing figures in modern US history, a man whose passionate belief that people have the right to die has brought him both praise and vilification.
Title: Let It Shine | Genres: family, music, tv movie | Overview: A young teenage rapper must use his musical talent to help his friend out and win the girl of his dreams by going through several events of betrayal, trust and agreement while his religious parents have strictly dislike his interests.
Title: Five Minutes of Heaven | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: The story of former UVF member Alistair Little. Twenty-five years after Little killed Joe Griffen's brother, the media arrange an auspicious meeting between the two.
Title: King Solomon's Mines | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: Ever in search of adventure, explorer Allan Quatermain agrees to join the beautiful Jesse Huston on a mission to locate her archaeologist father, who has been abducted for his knowledge of the legendary mines of King Solomon. As the kidnappers, led by sinister German military officer Bockner, journey into the wilds of Africa, Allan and Jesse track the party and must contend with fierce natives and dangerous creatures, among other perils.
Title: Life Itself | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: As a young New York couple goes from college romance to marriage and the birth of their first child, the unexpected twists of their journey create reverberations that echo over continents and through lifetimes.
Title: Cape Fear | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Sam Bowden witnesses a rape committed by Max Cady and testifies against him. When released after 8 years in prison, Cady begins stalking Bowden and his family but is always clever enough not to violate the law.
Title: The New Adventures of Aladdin | Genres: comedy, adventure | Overview: A pair of losers working at department store plan to rob the place after it closes. When a bunch of kids show up begging for a story, the men launch into an improvised version of Aladdin.
Title: Prime | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A career driven professional from Manhattan is wooed by a young painter, who also happens to be the son of her psychoanalyst.
Title: The Greatest Show on Earth | Genres: drama, family, romance | Overview: To ensure a full profitable season, circus manager Brad Braden engages The Great Sebastian, though this moves his girlfriend Holly from her hard-won center trapeze spot. Holly and Sebastian begin a dangerous one-upmanship duel in the ring, while he pursues her on the ground.
"Title: Casshern | Genres: drama, horror, science fiction | Overview: Fifty years of war between the Great Eastern Federation and Europa - now merged as Eurasia - have taken their toll on planet Earth. As a result of the use of biological, chemical and nuclear weapons, much of Earth has become uninhabitable and people have become prey to new diseases. Professor Azuma's ""neo-cell"" project, which is supposed to be the answer to mankind's hardships, becomes a nightmare come true when mutants spawned from the experiment escape and declare war on the human race. Azuma's son Tetsuya, who was killed during the previous war, is reborn into the cyborg Casshern as mankind's last hope against the new mutant threat. This live-action sci-fi movie based on a 1973 Japanese animé of the same name."
Title: Patricia, A Hidden Passion | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Patricia is a successful couples therapist. Your marriage is going through a bad time. But when she meets a student, Pablo will transform her own beliefs about sex.
Title: The Far Country | Genres: western | Overview: In 1896, Jeff Webster sees the start of the Klondike gold rush as a golden opportunity to make a fortune in beef...and woe betide anyone standing in his way! He drives a cattle herd from Wyoming to Seattle, by ship to Skagway, and (after a delay caused by larcenous town boss Gannon) through the mountains to Dawson. There, he and his partner Ben Tatum get into the gold business themselves. Two lovely women fall for misanthropic Jeff, but he believes in every-man-for-himself, turning his back on growing lawlessness...until it finally strikes home.
"Title: The Land Before Time VIII: The Big Freeze | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: When the dinosaur families get trapped in a valley by an ice storm, one family of ""spike tail"" dinosaurs volunteers to leave since they consume more food than the others. Meanwhile, the young dinos and a new adult dinosaur named Mr. Thicknose, head out to bring back their friend Spike, who has left his friends to be with members of his own species."
Title: Saturn 3 | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: In the future, Earth is overcrowded and the population relies on distant bases to be fed. In the Saturn 3 station, Major Adam and the scientist Alex, who is also his lover and has never been on Earth, have been researching hydroponics for three years in the base alone with their dog Sally. Meanwhile, the psychotic Captain Benson fails the mental test required to travel to Saturn 3 and kills his replacement, Captain James, taking his place in the mission of assembling and programming the Demi-God series robot Hector to replace one of the scientists in Saturn 3. On the arrival, the mentally disturbed Captain Benson becomes sexually obsessed for Alex. Then he uses an interface to link his brain to program Hector, but incapable to control his emotions, he transfers his homicidal tendency and insanity to Hector. Now Major Adam and Alex are trapped in the station with a dangerous psychopath robot.
Title: Casper's Haunted Christmas | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: Kibosh, supreme ruler of all ghosts, decrees that casper must scare at least one person before Christmas Day so Casper visits Kriss, Massachusetts where he meets the Jollimore family and sets out to complete his mission. As usual, kindhearted Casper has a ghastky time trying to scare anyone; so The Ghostly Trio, fed up with his goody-boo-shoes behavior, secretly hires Casper's look-alike cousin Spooky to do the job-with hilarious results.
Title: Julie & Julia | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Julia Child and Julie Powell – both of whom wrote memoirs – find their lives intertwined. Though separated by time and space, both women are at loose ends... until they discover that with the right combination of passion, fearlessness and butter, anything is possible.
Title: Red Corner | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: An American attorney on business in China, ends up wrongfully on trial for murder and his only key to innocence is a female defense lawyer from the country.
Title: Steel Rain | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: Amid a coup, a North Korean agent escapes south with the country's injured leader in an attempt to keep him alive and prevent a Korean war.
Title: White Oleander | Genres: drama | Overview: A teenager journeys through a series of foster homes after her mother goes to prison for committing a crime of passion.
Title: The Horse Whisperer | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The mother of a severely traumatized daughter enlists the aid of a unique horse trainer to help the girl's equally injured horse.
Title: Monster | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: The story of Steve Harmon, a 17-year-old honor student whose world comes crashing down around him when he is charged with felony murder.
Title: The Brides of Dracula | Genres: horror | Overview: A young teacher on her way to a position in Transylvania helps a young man escape the shackles his mother has put on him. In so doing she innocently unleashes the horrors of the undead once again on the populace, including those at her school for ladies. Luckily for some, Dr. Van Helsing is already on his way.
Title: The Black Stallion | Genres: family, adventure | Overview: While traveling with his father, young Alec becomes fascinated by a mysterious Arabian stallion that is brought on board and stabled in the ship he is sailing on. When it tragically sinks both he and the horse survive only to be stranded on a deserted island. He befriends it, so when finally rescued both return to his home where they soon meet Henry Dailey, a once successful trainer. Together they begin training the horse to race against the fastest ones in the world.
Title: Far and Away | Genres: adventure, drama, romance, western | Overview: A young man leaves Ireland with his landlord's daughter after some trouble with her father, and they dream of owning land at the big giveaway in Oklahoma ca. 1893. When they get to the new land, they find jobs and begin saving money. The man becomes a local barehands boxer, and rides in glory until he is beaten, then his employers steal all the couple's money and they must fight off starvation in the winter, and try to keep their dream of owning land alive. Meanwhile, the woman's parents find out where she has gone and have come to America to find her and take her back.
Title: Julieta | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The film spans 30 years in Julieta’s life from a nostalgic 1985 where everything seems hopeful, to 2015 where her life appears to be beyond repair and she is on the verge of madness.
Title: Akira | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Akira Sharma is your average Jane from Jodhpur. Early in life she sees an atrocity committed on a neighbour and learns to defend herself. And, a spitfire is born.
Title: The Little Mermaid | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy, romance | Overview: A young mermaid makes a deal with a sea witch: trading her beautiful voice to get human legs so she can discover the world above water.
Title: The Climb | Genres: comedy, romance, adventure | Overview: A true story of Samy, native of La Courneuve, who is out of love for Nadia, decides to climb Mount Everest.
Title: Vampyr | Genres: horror, fantasy | Overview: Traveler Allan Gray arrives in the village of Courtempierre and takes lodgings in a small inn. Gray has a great interest in the supernatural, particularly vampires. He's barely settled in when he feels a sinister force descending upon him. In the night an old man enters his room to tell him 'she must not die'. One of the old man's daughters, Leone, has been bitten by a vampire. In order to break the curse, Gray and Leone's sister Gisele must find the original vampire and drive a stake through her heart.
Title: Shimmer Lake | Genres: thriller, crime, drama, mystery | Overview: Shot in reverse day-by-day through a week—a local sheriff embarks on a quest to unlock the mystery of three small-town criminals and a bank heist gone wrong.
"Title: The Land Before Time XIII: The Wisdom of Friends | Genres: animation, family | Overview: After an incident which nearly cost Littlefoot's grandmother her life, Littlefoot learns a series of lessons which his species call ""Wisdoms"". Meanwhile, a trio of dim-witted Beipiaosauruses named Loofah, Doofah and Foobie arrive in the Great Valley and behave in a strange manner towards Littlefoot and the gang. Littlefoot is determined that they learn the ""Wisdoms"" and the journey to the one place the trio have dreamed of, Berry Valley, begins."
Title: The Producers | Genres: comedy | Overview: Broadway producer, Max Bialystock and his accountant, Leo Bloom plan to make money by charming little old ladies to invest in a production many times over what it will actually cost, and then put on a sure-fire flop, so nobody will ask for their money back – and what can be a more certain flop than a tasteless musical celebrating Hitler.
Title: Big Jake | Genres: western | Overview: An aging Texas cattle man who has outlived his time swings into action when outlaws kidnap his grandson.
Title: Home Sweet Hell | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: Mona and Don’s seemingly perfect suburban bliss is disrupted by a sexy extortionist and Mona will stop at nothing, including killing the competition, to keep her little slice of heaven.
Title: Major League | Genres: comedy | Overview: When Rachel Phelps inherits the Cleveland Indians from her deceased husband, she's determined to move the team to a warmer climate—but only a losing season will make that possible, which should be easy given the misfits she's hired. Rachel is sure her dream will come true, but she underestimates their will to succeed.
Title: The Train | Genres: thriller, war, action | Overview: As the Allied forces approach Paris in August 1944, German Colonel Von Waldheim is desperate to take all of France's greatest paintings to Germany. He manages to secure a train to transport the valuable art works even as the chaos of retreat descends upon them. The French resistance however wants to stop them from stealing their national treasures but have received orders from London that they are not to be destroyed. The station master, Labiche, is tasked with scheduling the train and making it all happen smoothly but he is also part of a dwindling group of resistance fighters tasked with preventing the theft. He and others stage an elaborate ruse to keep the train from ever leaving French territory.
Title: Jacob's Ladder | Genres: drama, mystery, horror | Overview: After returning home from the Vietnam War, veteran Jacob Singer struggles to maintain his sanity. Plagued by hallucinations and flashbacks, Singer rapidly falls apart as the world and people around him morph and twist into disturbing images. His girlfriend, Jezzie, and ex-wife, Sarah, try to help, but to little avail. Even Singer's chiropractor friend, Louis, fails to reach him as he descends into madness.
Title: The Kashmir Files | Genres: thriller, history | Overview: The obscure saga and imprints of the painful exodus of Kashmiri hindus.
Title: Where's the Money | Genres: comedy | Overview: A quick witted young man from the streets of South Central must rush a lily-white USC fraternity to recover a stash of stolen money.
Title: Message from the King | Genres: thriller | Overview: On a relentless quest to avenge his sister's murder, a man from Cape Town infiltrates a sprawling network of lowlifes and elites in Los Angeles.
Title: Mobile Suit Gundam: Char's Counterattack | Genres: animation, action, science fiction | Overview: In UC 0093 the Federation has recovered from its defeat and has created a new anti-colonial special forces unit to deal with rebel forces: Londo Bell. Elsewhere in space Char Aznable re-appears out of self imposed hiding with a declaration that he now commands his own Neo-Zeon movementand intends to force the emigration of Earth's inhabitants to space by bringing about an apocalypse.
Title: The Informant! | Genres: drama, comedy, crime | Overview: A rising star at agri-industry giant Archer Daniels Midland (ADM), Mark Whitacre suddenly turns whistleblower. Even as he exposes his company’s multi-national price-fixing conspiracy to the FBI, Whitacre envisions himself being hailed as a hero of the common man and handed a promotion.
Title: Roma | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A virtually plotless, gaudy, impressionistic portrait of Rome through the eyes of one of its most famous citizens.
Title: Coffee & Kareem | Genres: comedy, action, crime | Overview: A Detroit cop reluctantly teams with his girlfriend's 11-year-old son to clear his name and take down the city's most ruthless criminal.
Title: Company of Heroes | Genres: war, drama | Overview: American soldiers lost behind enemy lines during the WWII make a horrific discovery: Hitler has a super bomb in development. Against all odds, they set out to find the scientist in charge of the program who is looking to defect.
Title: Deathstalker II | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Deathstalker helps Reena the Seer out of a few jams, and she solicits his help for a bigger task. She reveals that she is actually Princess Evie, but the evil sorcerer had her abducted and cloned in order to seize control of the kingdom. Together they travel to the evil sorcerer's stronghold to restore the princess to her rightful position, encountering challenges along the way both from the sorcerer's goons and the fierce Amazon women.
Title: Return of the Living Dead: Necropolis | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: A group of teenagers who, in an attempt to rescue their friend from an evil corporation, end up releasing a horde of blood thirsty zombies.
Title: Zola | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: A waitress agrees to accompany an exotic dancer, her put-upon boyfriend, and her mysterious and domineering roommate on a road trip to Florida to seek their fortune at a high-end strip club.
"Title: The Philadelphia Experiment | Genres: adventure, science fiction, thriller, mystery | Overview: A secret government research project tries reviving the World War II ""Philadelphia Experiment,"" which was an attempt to create a cloaking device to render warships invisible. When the experiment succeeds, it brings back the original ship (the Eldridge) that disappeared during the first test in 1943 - which brings death and destruction to the 21st century. It's up to the sole survivor of the first experiment and his granddaughter to stop it."
Title: Howard the Duck | Genres: comedy, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: A scientific experiment unknowingly brings extraterrestrial life forms to the Earth through a laser beam. First is the cigar smoking drake Howard from the duck's planet. A few kids try to keep him from the greedy scientists and help him back to his planet. But then a much less friendly being arrives through the beam...
Title: The Assassin | Genres: action, drama, history | Overview: A female assassin during the Tang Dynasty begins to question her loyalties when she falls in love with one of her targets.
Title: The Ballad of Narayama | Genres: drama | Overview: In a small village in a valley everyone who reaches the age of 70 must leave the village and go to a certain mountain top to die. If anyone should refuse he/she would disgrace their family. Old Orin is 69. This winter it is her turn to go to the mountain. But first she must make sure that her eldest son Tatsuhei finds a wife.
Title: Pollyanna | Genres: family, adventure, drama | Overview: A young girl comes to an embittered town and confronts its attitude with her determination to see the best in life.
"Title: The Story of Star Wars | Genres: documentary | Overview: The Skywalker family is at the heart of the Star Wars saga. Now hear the inside story of Luke and Anakin Skywalker from the characters who witnessed it all: the famous droid duo C-3PO and R2-D2. Episodes IV,V and VI are explored in ""The Story of Luke Skywalker,"" which follows the young man escaping from his daily chores on Tatooine to his becoming a hero in the Rebal Alliance. In ""The Story of Anakin Skywalker,"" you'll go behind the mask of the greatest Star Wars villain and discover how Darth Vader started life as a young Podracing Champ on Tatooine and later became a headstrong young Jedi seduced by the Dark Side of the Force. With clips from the Star Wars films, C-3PO and R2-D2 take you on an hour-long journey through the saga and prepare you for the explosive final chapter: Star Wars: Episode III Revenge of the Sith."
Title: Terra Formars | Genres: action, horror, science fiction | Overview: With the space program attempting to travel to Mars, 21st century scientists were tasked with warming up the planet so that humans could survive on its surface. They came up with an efficient and cost effective plan of sending cockroaches and mold to the surface so that the mold would absorb the sunlight and the insect corpses would serve as a food source for the mold. It is now the year 2577 and the first manned ship to Mars has landed on the planet and the six crew members are ready for their mission. But what they find are giant mutated humanoid cockroaches with incredible physical strength. The crew members are easily wiped out, but not before sending a transmission back to Earth. Now, humanity will send elite warriors to exterminate the mutated bugs and claim back Mars.
"Title: Haikyuu!! Movie 2: Winners and Losers | Genres: animation, comedy | Overview: Karasuno High enters the Inter-High Volleyball Tournament and immediately proves they're ""flightless crows"" no more. After their first match, Karasuno dukes it out against Date Tech High and their famous Iron Wall, which shut down every spike of Karasuno's ace, Asahi, during a previous match. Karasuno, however, breaks through the Iron Wall this time and proceeds to the Round of 16. The newly rejuvenated Karasuno fights Aoba Johsai High and seeks to have the same outcome as their first practice match."
Title: I Origins | Genres: science fiction, drama | Overview: I Origins follows a molecular biologist studying the evolution of the human eye. He finds his work permeating his life after a brief encounter with an exotic young woman who slips away from him. As his research continues years later with his lab partner, they make a stunning scientific discovery that has far reaching implications and complicates both his scientific and and spiritual beliefs. Traveling half way around the world, he risks everything he has ever known to validate his theory.
Title: Zapped! | Genres: comedy | Overview: Peyton and Barney are fun loving high school students working on a science project with white mice. When one of the mice begins to move food toward itself with out touching it, Barney finds he has accidently discovered a formula for telekinetic powers. Now, how much trouble can a high school boy who can move things with just his mind get into?
"Title: Pooh's Heffalump Halloween Movie | Genres: animation, family | Overview: It's Halloween in the 100 Acre Wood, and Roo's best new friend, Lumpy, is looking forward to his first time trick-or-treating. That is, until Tigger warns them about the scary Gobloon, who'll turn them into jack-o'-lanterns if he catches them. But if Roo and Lumpy turn the tables on the Gobloon, they get to make a wish! Lumpy and Roo decide to be ""brave together, brave forever"" and catch the Gobloon so they can make their wishes come true."
Title: The Gendarme and the Creatures from Outer Space | Genres: comedy, science fiction | Overview: The bungling inspector Cruchot (Funès) finds himself trying to save the residents of St. Tropez from some oil-drinking humanoid aliens. The only way to tell the aliens from the real people, besides their constant thirst for oil-products, is that they sound like empty garbage cans when you touch them. Chaos is ahead.
Title: Geronimo: An American Legend | Genres: western, history | Overview: The Apache Indians have reluctantly agreed to settle on a US Government approved reservation. Not all the Apaches are able to adapt to the life of corn farmers. One in particular, Geronimo, is restless. Pushed over the edge by broken promises and necessary actions by the government, Geronimo and thirty or so other warriors form an attack team which humiliates the government by evading capture, while reclaiming what is rightfully theirs.
Title: Hallam Foe | Genres: drama, comedy, thriller | Overview: Hallam's talent for spying on people reveals his darkest fears-and his most peculiar desires. Driven to expose the true cause of his mother's death, he instead finds himself searching the rooftops of the city for love.
Title: The Objective | Genres: action, horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A team of US Special Ops forces is dispatched to a remote mountain region of Afghanistan with orders to locate an influential Muslim cleric. While on the mission they find themselves lost in a Middle Eastern 'Bermuda Triangle' of ancient evil and faced with an enemy that none of them could have imagined.
Title: The Children Act | Genres: drama | Overview: In the midst of a marital crisis, a High Court judge must decide if she should order a life-saving blood transfusion for a teen with cancer despite his family's refusal to accept medical treatment for religious reasons.
Title: Eye for an Eye | Genres: thriller, crime | Overview: It's fire and brimstone time as grieving mother Karen McCann takes justice into her own hands when a kangaroo court in Los Angeles fails to convict Robert Doob, the monster who raped and murdered her 17-year-old daughter.
Title: Fresh | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Michael is a 12-year-old drug pusher who lives in a crowded house with his cousins and aunt. His father has become a street bum, but still meets with Fresh on occasion to play chess. Fresh is rather quiet in a crazy world. Fresh's sister is a junkie who sleeps with the dealers that Fresh sells for. As the story progresses Fresh realizes that he doesn't want to sell drugs anymore, he wants revenge.
Title: Highlander III: The Sorcerer | Genres: fantasy, action | Overview: Starts off in the 15th century, with Connor McLeod training with another immortal swordsman, the Japanese sorcerer Nakano. When an evil immortal named Kane kills the old wizard, the resulting battle leaves him buried in an underground cave. When Kane resurfaces in the 20th century to create havoc, it's up to McLeod to stop him.
Title: Outrage | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: When a tough yakuza gangster is betrayed by his bosses, it means all out war. Bodies pile up as he takes out everyone in his way to the top in a brutal quest for revenge.
Title: Grace | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A unique horror film told from the first-person perspective of Grace - a naive, virginal college freshman trying to deal with campus culture and her outgoing roommate as an evil entity takes over her body and unleashes chaos.
Title: I Love America | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A single woman who decides to take a chance on love again by catapulting her life from Paris to Los Angeles. From awkward dates to touching surprise encounters, she understands the journey to love is a journey towards herself.
"Title: Futurama: The Beast with a Billion Backs | Genres: animation, comedy, science fiction, tv movie | Overview: Fresh off ripping space-time a new one at the end of ""Bender's Big Score,"" the Planet Express crew is back to mend the tear in reality, or (hopefully) at least not make it worse. Beyond the tear, though, lurks a being of inconceivable...tentacularity. What will become of Earth, and indeed, our universe, when faced with the Beast with a Billion Backs?"
Title: Seduction | Genres: drama | Overview: After returning to Catania after a long period of time, Giuseppe reunites with his old lover, Caterina. Her 15 year-old daughter, Graziella begins to seduce her mother's lover and he soon breaks down and begins an affair with her. As time passes Caterina begins having sneaking suspicions about Giuseppe's &amp; Graziella's relationship.
Title: Stick It | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Haley is a naturally gifted athlete but, with her social behavior, the teen seems intent on squandering her abilities. After a final brush with the law, a judge sentences her to an elite gymnastics academy run by a legendary, hard-nosed coach. Once there, Haley's rebellious attitude wins her both friends and enemies.
Title: Castaway on the Moon | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: Mr. Kim is jobless, lost in debt and has been dumped by his girlfriend. He decides to end it all by jumping into the Han River - only to find himself washed up on a small, mid-river island. He soon abandons thoughts of suicide or rescue and begins a new life as a castaway. His antics catch the attention of a young woman whose apartment overlooks the river. Her discovery changes both their lives.
"Title: The Forbidden Legend: Sex & Chopsticks | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Based on the classic Chinese novel ""Jin Ping Mei,"" written during the Ming Dynasty. The novel itself is the first full length Chinese fictional work to depict sexuality in explicit manner. The movie (as well as novel) takes place during 1111-1127 and centers around Ximen Quing, a corrupt social climber and lustful merchant who is wealthy enough to marry a consort of wives and concubines."
Title: What About Bob? | Genres: comedy | Overview: Before going on vacation, self-involved psychiatrist Dr. Leo Marvin has the misfortune of taking on a new patient: Bob Wiley. An exemplar of neediness and a compendium of phobias, Bob follows Marvin to his family's country house. Dr. Marvin tries to get him to leave; the trouble is, everyone loves Bob. As his oblivious patient makes himself at home, Dr. Marvin loses his professional composure and, before long, may be ready for the loony bin himself.
Title: Charade | Genres: comedy, mystery, romance, thriller | Overview: After Regina Lampert falls for the dashing Peter Joshua on a skiing holiday in the French Alps, she discovers upon her return to Paris that her husband has been murdered. Soon, she and Peter are giving chase to three of her late husband's World War II cronies, Tex, Scobie and Gideon, who are after a quarter of a million dollars the quartet stole while behind enemy lines. But why does Peter keep changing his name?
Title: Rope | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Two men attempt to prove they committed the perfect crime by hosting a dinner party after strangling their former classmate to death.
Title: The Right Mom | Genres: drama | Overview: While writing an article about an abused boy, a woman fights for protect him after she uncovers shocking details.
Title: On the Waterfront | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: Terry Malloy dreams about being a prize fighter, while tending his pigeons and running errands at the docks for Johnny Friendly, the corrupt boss of the dockers union. Terry witnesses a murder by two of Johnny's thugs, and later meets the dead man's sister and feels responsible for his death. She introduces him to Father Barry, who tries to force him to provide information for the courts that will smash the dock racketeers.
Title: Brother | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: A Japanese Yakuza gangster’s deadly existence in his homeland gets him exiled to Los Angeles, where he is taken in by his little brother and his brother’s gang.
Title: The Man Who Killed Hitler and Then the Bigfoot | Genres: drama, adventure, fantasy | Overview: Decades after serving in WWII and assassinating Adolf Hitler, a legendary American war veteran must now hunt down the fabled Bigfoot.
Title: See You Up There | Genres: drama, crime, war | Overview: In November 1918, a few days before the Armistice, when Lieutenant Pradelle orders a senseless attack, he causes a useless disaster; but his outrageous act also binds the lives of two soldiers who have nothing more in common than the battlefield: Édouard saves Albert, although at a high cost. They become companions in misfortune who will attempt to survive in a changing world. Pradelle, in his own way, does the same.
"Title: Godzilla 1985 | Genres: action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Originally released in Japan as ""The Return of Godzilla"" in 1984, this is the heavily re-edited, re-titled ""Godzilla 1985"". Adding in new footage of Raymond Burr, this 16th Godzilla film ignores all previous sequels and serves as a direct follow-up to the 1956 ""Godzilla King of the Monsters"", which also featured scenes with Burr edited into 1954's ""Godzilla"". This film restores the darker tone of the original, as we witness the nuclear destruction of giant lizard terrorizing Japan."
Title: Shortcut to Happiness | Genres: fantasy, drama, comedy, science fiction | Overview: In Manhattan, the aspirant writer Jabez Stone is a complete loser: he is not able to sell his novels, he lives in a lousy apartment and he does not have success with women. When one of his friends Julius Jenson sells his novel for US$ 190,000.00 to an editor, Jabez fells envy and promises to sell his soul to the devil for success and accidentally kills a woman with his typing machine. The Devil knocks on his door, fixes the situation and seals a contract with Jabez. His low quality novels have bad reviews but become best-sellers; Jabez enriches; has success with women, but has no time for his friends. Jabez meets with the publisher Daniel Webster who offers him a chance to break the contract with the devil.
Title: The Spy Gone North | Genres: drama, history, thriller | Overview: South Korea, 1993. An agent of the National Intelligence Service is sent to Beijing with the assignment of infiltrating a group of North Korean officials with the ultimate goal of obtaining information about the North Korean nuclear program.
Title: Altitude | Genres: horror, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: After a mysterious malfunction sends their small plane climbing out of control, a rookie pilot and her four teenage friends find themselves trapped in a deadly showdown with a supernatural force.
Title: The Stronghold | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, family, fantasy, history | Overview: A solar eclipse activates a magic time portal, and a regular schoolboy Vit'ko from the 21st century goes a thousand years back in time. It doesn’t take Vitya long to recognize the legendary bogatyrs in young Oleshko, powerful Ilya and severe Dobrynya. Their life passes in fighting cumans who try to destroy Rusichi at any cost, using both weapons and black magic. Vitya finds himself in the very midst of incredible events, battles with mythical creatures and acquires real courage.
Title: The Drawn Together Movie: The Movie! | Genres: animation, comedy | Overview: When the mystery-solving musician Foxxy Love notices she and her fellow housemates can curse without being bleeped—something they've never been able to do before—she realizes their show has been canceled. Determined to get back on the air, the gang travels to Make-A-Point-Land in order to get a point (and get back on the air).
Title: As Tears Go By | Genres: drama, crime, romance | Overview: Mid-level gangster Wah falls in love with his beautiful cousin, but must also continue to protect his volatile partner-in-crime and friend, Fly.
Title: The Debt | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Rachel Singer is a former Mossad agent who tried to capture a notorious Nazi war criminal – the Surgeon of Birkenau – in a secret Israeli mission that ended with his death on the streets of East Berlin. Now, 30 years later, a man claiming to be the doctor has surfaced, and Rachel must return to Eastern Europe to uncover the truth. Overwhelmed by haunting memories of her younger self and her two fellow agents, the still-celebrated heroine must relive the trauma of those events and confront the debt she has incurred.
"Title: Game of Death II | Genres: drama, action | Overview: In this dark tale of revenge, Bruce Lee ""returns"" as Billy Lo, whose best friend Chin Ku dies of a sudden illness. But suspicion of foul play arises when a gang tries to steal Ku's coffin at the funeral using a helicopter. When Lo's younger brother Lo hears about the incident, he leaves his Buddhist master to investigate the truth. His trail soon leads him to the Castle of Death, the last place Chin Ku was seen alive. There, he meets and befriends an unlikely ally--a cruel and merciless martial arts expert who is also the tower's master. But when the master dies under mysterious circumstances, Lo ends up dueling with someone far more terrifying."
Title: Billie Eilish: The World's a Little Blurry | Genres: documentary, music | Overview: This documentary offers a deeply intimate look at extraordinary teenager Billie Eilish. Award-winning filmmaker R.J. Cutler follows her journey on the road, onstage, and at home with her family as the writing and recording of her debut album changes her life.
Title: Live Twice, Love Once | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A retired academic teacher tries to find the love of his youth after being diagnosed with Alzheimer's.
Title: The Smurfs and the Magic Flute | Genres: animation, adventure, family, comedy, fantasy | Overview: The evil knight Torchesac, who is at the service of the sinister lord of La Mortaille, gets a very powerful magic flute and uses it for evil purposes. Johan and Pirlouit, assisted by the magician Homnibus, travel to the land of the Smurfs, the only manufacturers of this sort of instrument, to get a new one and battle the usurpers.
Title: Malicious | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A young college professor and his pregnant wife unwittingly release a malevolent entity with murderous intentions.
Title: A Close Shave | Genres: family, animation, comedy | Overview: Wallace's whirlwind romance with the proprietor of the local wool shop puts his head in a spin, and Gromit is framed for sheep-rustling in a fiendish criminal plot.
Title: Copying Beethoven | Genres: drama | Overview: A fictionalised exploration of Beethoven's life in his final days working on his Ninth Symphony. It is 1824. Beethoven is racing to finish his new symphony. However, it has been years since his last success and he is plagued by deafness, loneliness and personal trauma. A copyist is urgently needed to help the composer. A fictional character is introduced in the form of a young conservatory student and aspiring composer named Anna Holtz. The mercurial Beethoven is skeptical that a woman might become involved in his masterpiece but slowly comes to trust in Anna's assistance and in the end becomes quite fond of her. By the time the piece is performed, her presence in his life is an absolute necessity. Her deep understanding of his work is such that she even corrects mistakes he has made, while her passionate personality opens a door into his private world.
Title: The Swap | Genres: comedy, tv movie | Overview: Based on the book by Megan Shull, The Swap follows the adventures of a rhythmic gymnast named Ellie with a make-it-or-break-it competition, and the younger brother named Jack in a hockey family who's vying for a varsity spot on his school team. But when a simple text causes the two to swap bodies, their paths take an unexpected cross.
Title: I'm Not There | Genres: drama, music | Overview: Six actors portray six personas of music legend Bob Dylan in scenes depicting various stages of his life, chronicling his rise from unknown folksinger to international icon and revealing how Dylan constantly reinvented himself.
Title: Like Stars on Earth | Genres: drama | Overview: Ishaan Awasthi is an eight-year-old whose world is filled with wonders that no one else seems to appreciate. Colours, fish, dogs, and kites don't seem important to the adults, who are much more interested in things like homework, marks, and neatness. Ishaan cannot seem to get anything right in class; he is then sent to boarding school, where his life changes forever.
Title: Air America | Genres: action, adventure, comedy, drama | Overview: Air America was the CIA's private airline operating in Laos during the Vietnam War, running anything and everything from soldiers to foodstuffs for local villagers. After losing his pilot's license, Billy Covington is recruited into it, and ends up in the middle of a bunch of lunatic pilots, gun-running by his friend Gene Ryack, and opium smuggling by his own superiors.
Title: Looks That Kill | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: The story of a teenage boy who deals with the ups and downs of being lethally attractive.
"Title: San Andreas Mega Quake | Genres: science fiction, action, thriller | Overview: Scientists make a horrible discovery: The ""Big One"" is coming in two days, with it, California will sink to the ocean. Their only hope is to rupture a volcano that will displace the earthquake's energy and build a new crust on the surface. But as fore-shocks turn California into chaos, it's a race against time the scientists might not win."
Title: Flicka | Genres: family, drama | Overview: Katy McLaughlin desires to work on her family's mountainside horse ranch, although her father insists she finish boarding school. Katy finds a mustang in the hills near her ranch. The headstrong 16 year old then sets her mind to tame a mustang and prove to her father she can run the ranch. But when tragedy happens, it will take all the love and strength the family can muster to restore hope.
Title: Rising Phoenix | Genres: documentary | Overview: The history and current standing of the Paralympic Games, which has grown to become the world's third largest sporting event.
Title: Comrades: Almost a Love Story | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Jun arrives in Hong Kong from mainland China, hoping to be able to earn enough money to marry his girlfriend back home. He meets the streetwise Qiao and they become friends. As friendship turns into love, problems develop, and although they seem meant for each other they somehow keep missing out.
Title: The Recruit | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A brilliant CIA trainee must prove his worth at the Farm, the agency's secret training grounds, where he learns to watch his back and trust no one.
Title: The Rider | Genres: western, drama | Overview: Once a rising star of the rodeo circuit, and a gifted horse trainer, young cowboy Brady is warned that his riding days are over after a horse crushed his skull at a rodeo. In an attempt to regain control of his own fate, Brady undertakes a search for a new identity and what it means to be a man in the heartland of the United States.
Title: Dance with Me | Genres: drama, music, romance | Overview: Young Cuban Rafael just buried his mother, and comes to Houston to meet his father John for the first time. The difficult part is that John doesn't know he is Rafael's father. John runs a dance studio, and everyone prepares for the World Open Dance championship in Las Vegas. It soon becomes clear Rafael is a very good dancer, and Ruby is the biggest hope for the studio at the championship.
Title: Norwegian Wood | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Set in the 1960s, high school student Toru Watanabe loses his only friend Kizuki after he commits suicide. Toru, now looking for a new life, enters a university in Tokyo. By chance, Toru meets Kizuki's ex-girlfriend Naoko in the university. They grow close because they both share the same loss. As Toru and Naoko grow even closer, Naoko's sense of loss also grows. After Naoko's 20th birthday, she leaves for a sanitarium in Kyoto. Watanabe, devastated by the situation, meets pure-hearted Midori during the spring semester. Midori looks like a small animal that just came into the world ...
Title: Barbie and the Secret Door | Genres: animation, family | Overview: It's the ultimate fairytale musical! Barbie stars as Alexa, a shy princess who discovers a secret door in her kingdom and enters a whimsical land filled with magical creatures and surprises. Inside, Alexa meets Romy and Nori, a mermaid and a fairy, who explain that a spoiled ruler named Malucia is trying to take all the magic in the land. To her surprise, Alexa has magical powers in this world, and her new friends are certain that only she can restore their magic. Discover what happens when Alexa finds the courage to stand up for what's right and learns that the power of friendship is far more precious than magic.
Title: Chitty Chitty Bang Bang | Genres: family, music, adventure, fantasy, comedy | Overview: A hapless inventor finally finds success with a flying car, which a dictator from a foreign government sets out to take for himself.
Title: Embrace of the Vampire | Genres: horror, fantasy | Overview: An 18-year-old college freshman is seduced by a handsome vampire lover who introduces her to a dark world of carnal desires.
Title: High Society | Genres: comedy, music, romance | Overview: Childhood friends Tracy Lord and C.K. Dexter Haven got married and quickly divorced. Now Tracy is about to marry again, this time to a shrewd social-climbing businessman. C.K. still loves her. Spy magazine blackmails Tracy's family by threatening to reveal her playboy father's exploits if not allowed to cover the wedding.
Title: The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air Reunion | Genres: documentary | Overview: Join Will Smith, Tatyana Ali, Karyn Parsons, Joseph Marcell, Daphne Maxwell Reid, Alfonso Ribeiro and DJ Jazzy Jeff, for a funny and heartfelt night full of music and dancing in honor of the show that ran for six seasons and 148 episodes.
Title: Hounds of Love | Genres: crime, drama, horror | Overview: When Vicki Maloney is randomly abducted from a suburban street by a disturbed couple, she soon observes the dynamic between her captors and quickly realises she must drive a wedge between them if she is to survive.
Title: Mega Shark vs. Crocosaurus | Genres: action, horror, science fiction | Overview: When the prehistoric warm-water beast the Crocosaurus crosses paths with that cold-water monster the Mega Shark, all hell breaks loose in the oceans as the world's top scientists explore every option to halt the aquatic frenzy. Swallowing everything in their paths -- including a submarine or two -- Croc and Mega lead an explorer and an oceanographer on a wild chase. Eventually, the desperate men turn to a volcano for aid.
Title: Detective Conan: The Scarlet Bullet | Genres: animation, action, crime, mystery, romance, thriller | Overview: At the opening ceremony of the WSG (World Sports Games) Tokyo Games, a sports festival held once every four years, it is announced that the world's first vacuum superconducting maglev with a maximum speed of 1,000 kilometers per hour will open. While attracting attention from around the world, top executives of large companies are kidnapped from the party venue where WSG tournament sponsors gather. Conan moves toward a solution and eventually finds a connection with the WSG abduction case that occurred 15 years ago in Boston, USA.
Title: Hulk: Where Monsters Dwell | Genres: action, animation, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: This All Hallows’ Eve, Nightmare is bent on conquering our waking world by crossing through the Dream Dimension, and converting each dreamer into a monster. Can Dr. Strange, Hulk and the Howling Commandos hold the line and put an end to his nefarious scheme?
Title: BloodRayne | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy, horror | Overview: In 18th-century Romania, after spending much of her life in a traveling circus, human-vampire hybrid Rayne escapes and plots to take down her father, Kagan, the evil vampire king. When she's discovered by three vampire hunters, she manages to convince them to spare her life and join her cause. But slaying a vampire as powerful as Kagan will be no easy task.
Title: Teen Spirit | Genres: drama, fantasy, comedy, tv movie | Overview: Amber, a mean popular girl who gets electrocuted and dies, is not allowed to enter into heaven unless she helps the least popular girl in school become Prom Queen within a week, but things do not go as planned.
Title: K-911 | Genres: action, comedy, crime | Overview: Dooley and his dog Jerry Lee still are active as a police team with the LAPD. However, years starting and counting Captain Roger Byers thinks they urgently need to do something with their condition. He even forces them to work with a second team: the one of the young Sergeant Welles and her disciplined Dobermann Zeus. Dooley and Jerry Lee thinks they can work without their new partners but a mysterious sharp-shooter forces them to the ultimate cooperation
Title: Transit | Genres: action, thriller, crime | Overview: A family on a road trip is stalked by criminals who stashed stolen money in their car.
"Title: Untitled Digimon 02 Reboot Movie | Genres: adventure, animation, fantasy | Overview: Now, the gate to adventure opens, and we'll finally met the first human in the world to partner with a Digimon. The first preview brings Davis (Daisuke in the original japanese), the protagonist of ""Digimon Adventure 02"" series, narrating when he and his Digimon partner V-mon are cooking dinner, when a gigantic DigiEgg appears in the sky. That's when they met the first human to partner with a Digimon. This new movie is about 02 and is supposed to be a sequel to the Digimon Adventure anime reboot of 2020, and a prequel to a potential new Digimon 02 anime reboot."
Title: The Looney, Looney, Looney Bugs Bunny Movie | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Bugs Bunny hosts an award show featuring several classic Looney Tunes shorts and characters. This movie was released in 1981 by Warner Bros. and was produced by Friz Freleng. New footage was one of the final productions done by DePatie-Freleng Enterprises (also known as Marvel Productions beginning in the 1980s) and the film was re-released in the USA on April 28, 2009 from Warner Home Video.
Title: Mishima: A Life in Four Chapters | Genres: drama | Overview: A fictional account of the life of Japanese author Yukio Mishima told in four parts. The first three parts relate events in three of his novels: The Temple of the Golden Pavilion, Kyoko's House, and Runaway Horses. The last part depicts the events of 25th November 1970.
Title: Silhouette | Genres: horror, drama, thriller | Overview: Silhouette is the story of Jack and Amanda Harms who, after the passing of their young daughter, set out into seclusion to begin their lives anew. Quickly upon their arrival, things go awry when the sins of their past come back to haunt them.
Title: The Lavender Hill Mob | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: A meek bank clerk who oversees the shipments of bullion joins with an eccentric neighbor to steal gold bars and smuggle them out of the country.
Title: Ask Me Anything | Genres: drama | Overview: Beautiful, wild, funny, and lost, Katie Kampenfelt takes a year off before college to find herself, all the while chronicling her adventures in an anonymous blog into which she pours her innermost secrets. Eventually, Katie's fearless narrative begins to crack, and dark pieces of her past emerge.
Title: Guns of the Magnificent Seven | Genres: western | Overview: In this third remake of legendary Japanese director Akira Kurosawa's hugely influential The Seven Samurai, the seven gunslingers (George Kennedy, Michael Ansara, Joe Don Baker, Bernie Casey, Monte Markham, Fernando Rey and Reni Santoni) liberate Mexican political prisoners, train them as fighters and assist them in a desperate attack on a Mexican fortress in an attempt to free a revolutionary leader.
Title: Tales from the Crypt: Demon Knight | Genres: horror, comedy, thriller | Overview: A man on the run is hunted by a demon known as the Collector.
Title: Battle of Jangsari | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: Korean War, September 1950. In order to fight the enemy forces based in the South of the peninsula, General MacArthur orders the start of the Incheon Landing Operation, deploying diversionary attacks in other locations. Without real military forces to spare, 772 very young Korean student soldiers, barely trained, are sent to Jangsari Beach, where they will face a heroic fate and discover the value of friendship. (A sequel to Operation Chromite, released in 2016.)
Title: After She Wakes | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: After tragic death of her baby son, a narcoleptic mother with young daughter suffers from terrifying sleep disruptions as they try to deal with ongoing pain and grief. They begin experiencing different episodes of parasomnia including night terrors and sleep paralysis, leaving them unable to move and only able to witness horrific visions. These nightmares become too disturbing as they create a rift in their own realities causing the mother to believe someone or something is watching her sleep every night. Soon the terrifying visions from their dreams begin to manifest into a sinister reality, leaving the mother vulnerable.
Title: The Real McCoy | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Karen McCoy is released from prison with nothing but the clothes on her back. Before being incarcerated Karen was the bank robber of her time, but now she wishes for nothing more than to settle down and start a new life. Unfortunately between a dirty parole officer, old business partners, and an idiot ex-husband she will have to do the unthinkable in order to save her son.
Title: Wild Target | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Victor Maynard is a middle-aged, solitary assassin who lives to please his formidable mother, despite his own peerless reputation for lethal efficiency. His professional routine is interrupted when he finds himself drawn to one of his intended victims. After sparing her life, he unexpectedly acquires a young apprentice. Believing Victor to be a private detective, his two new companions tag along, while he attempts to thwart the murderous attentions of his unhappy client.
Title: Wishmaster 3: Beyond the Gates of Hell | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: The evil Djinn is back at again, this time wreaking havoc on the students of Illinois' Baxter University. His victim is a beautiful, innocent and studious teenage girl named Diana Collins who accidentally opened up the Djinn's tomb and released him.
Title: Crip Camp: A Disability Revolution | Genres: documentary | Overview: Down the road from Woodstock in the early 1970s, a revolution blossomed in a ramshackle summer camp for disabled teenagers, transforming their young lives and igniting a landmark movement.
Title: Cirque du Soleil: Worlds Away | Genres: fantasy, family, music, drama | Overview: An original story featuring performances by Cirque du Soleil. A young woman is entranced by an Aerialist. When they fall into the dreamlike world of Cirque du Soleil and are separated, they travel through the different tent worlds trying to find each other.
Title: The Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea | Genres: animation, adventure, family, comedy | Overview: Set several years after the first film, Ariel and Prince Eric are happily married with a daughter, Melody. In order to protect Melody from the Sea Witch, Morgana, they have not told her about her mermaid heritage. Melody is curious and ventures into the sea, where she meets new friends. But will she become a pawn in Morgana's quest to take control of the ocean from King Triton?
Title: The Tower | Genres: action, drama | Overview: On Christmas Eve at Tower Sky, an ultra-luxurious building complex, a White Christmas party is held to dazzle its equally high-end tenants and VIP guests. Dae-ho, the manager of the building and single father, is forced to cancel plans with his daughter Hana to work the event. His Christmas is saved when Yoon-hee, the food mall manager with a secret crush on Dae-ho, offers to babysit Hana during the party. Meanwhile, Young-ki the legendary fire chief of Yoido Station has finally promised his first holiday date night to his long suffering wife. The party is in full swing with the spectacular sight of two helicopters flying overhead just to spray snow on the partygoers and make everything perfect. When unthinkable disaster strikes, Dae-ho and Young-ki must summon all their strength and courage to save the lives of thousands but at what cost to themselves and their loved ones?
Title: The Lift | Genres: science fiction, romance, comedy | Overview: On their fifth wedding anniversary, Sitio and Ana start arguing inside an elevator that keeps opening in their same floor. Emotionally and physically trapped, the two will have to work together to find a way out.
Title: Barbie: Dolphin Magic | Genres: animation, adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: Barbie and her sisters take off on another exciting, global adventure to visit their friend Ken at his summer internship at a beautiful and exotic coral reef.
"Title: The Tuche Family | Genres: comedy | Overview: Everyone in the village of Bouzolles knows the Tuche family, who live by the philosophy ""Man is not made to work."" Despite their lack of money, they strive to be happy... that is, until their hand-to-mouth existence is turned on its head. After winning the lottery, the Tuches get rich beyond their wildest dreams and move to Monaco. And while attempting to fit in in their swanky new homeland, they struggle to stay true to the same principles by which they've always lived."
Title: Godzilla vs. SpaceGodzilla | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction | Overview: A mysterious extraterrestrial being resembling Godzilla rapidly approaches Earth. The monster, dubbed SpaceGodzilla, lands to challenge the King of the Monsters.
Title: Yu☆Gi☆Oh! | Genres: adventure, animation, fantasy | Overview: A shy duelist stumbles upon the legendary Red Eyes Black Dragon, with that card in his possession, he must learn to bring out his confidence to duel.
Title: Miss Fisher and the Crypt of Tears | Genres: drama, adventure, mystery | Overview: After freeing a young Bedouin girl from her unjust imprisonment in Jerusalem, an Australian adventuress, together with her devoted police detective friend, begins to unravel a decade-old mystery concerning priceless emeralds, an ancient curse and the disappearance of the girl's mother and massacre of her tribe.
Title: Grease Live | Genres: tv movie, music | Overview: After enjoying a holiday romance, high school students Danny and Sandy are unexpectedly reunited when she transfers to Rydell High, where she must contend with cynical Rizzo and the Pink Ladies.
Title: Empire of Dreams: The Story of the Star Wars Trilogy | Genres: documentary | Overview: From the earliest versions of the script to the blockbuster debuts, explore the creation of the Star Wars Trilogy.
Title: American Wrestler: The Wizard | Genres: drama | Overview: In 1980, a teenage boy escapes the unrest in Iran only to face more hostility in America, due to the hostage crisis. Determined to fit in, he joins the school's floundering wrestling team.
Title: The Way Home | Genres: drama, family | Overview: The story begins on a fine summers morning, when San-woo and his mother board a bus to the country. It is soon clear that the unsophisticated rural passengers annoy the seven-year-old urban boy. His mother is taking him to live with his 78-year-old mute, but not deaf, grandmother while she looks for a new job after a business venture failed in Seoul.
Title: To Steal from a Thief | Genres: crime, thriller | Overview: Valencia, Spain. On a rainy morning, six armed men in disguise assault a bank. But what seemed like an easy heist, quickly goes wrong with nothing unfolding as planned, and mistrust quickly builds between the two leaders of the gang.
Title: Super Troopers | Genres: comedy, crime, mystery | Overview: Five bored, occasionally high and always ineffective Vermont state troopers must prove their worth to the governor or lose their jobs. After stumbling on a drug ring, they plan to make a bust, but a rival police force is out to steal the glory.
Title: Swing Kids | Genres: music, drama | Overview: The story of a close-knit group of young kids in Nazi Germany who listen to banned swing music from the US. Soon dancing and fun leads to more difficult choices as the Nazi's begin tightening the grip on Germany. Each member of the group is forced to face some tough choices about right, wrong, and survival.
"Title: Partly Cloudy | Genres: animation, family, comedy | Overview: Everyone knows that the stork delivers babies, but where do the storks get the babies from? The answer lies up in the stratosphere, where cloud people sculpt babies from clouds and bring them to life. Gus, a lonely and insecure grey cloud, is a master at creating ""dangerous"" babies. Crocodiles, porcupines, rams and more - Gus's beloved creations are works of art, but more than a handful for his loyal delivery stork partner, Peck. As Gus's creations become more and more rambunctious, Peck's job gets harder and harder. How will Peck manage to handle both his hazardous cargo and his friend's fiery temperament?"
Title: Dead in Tombstone | Genres: western, action, fantasy, horror, drama | Overview: An outlaw named Guerrero Hernandez is shot in the back and killed whilst attempting to free his half-brother from a small-town prison. Making a deal with the devil, Hernandez returns from the dead to take his revenge.
Title: The Pit and the Pendulum | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: Francis Barnard goes to Spain, when he hears his sister Elizabeth has died. Her husband Nicholas Medina, the son of the most brutal torturer of the Spanish Inquisition, tells him she has died of a blood disease, but Francis finds this hard to believe. After some investigating he finds out that it was extreme fear that was fatal to his sister and that she may have been buried alive!
Title: Curious George: A Very Monkey Christmas | Genres: animation, family, tv movie | Overview: George and The Man In The Yellow Hat are having a merry time counting down to Christmas. But neither can decide what to give each other. Will they find the answers before Christmas morning?
Title: Catch and Release | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Gray Wheeler just lost everything. But it could be the best thing that ever happened to her. After the death of her fiancé, Gray moves in with her late love's best friends. While Sam and Dennis do their best to cheer Gray up, Fritz doesn't seem to care. Once Gray breaks through Fritz's defenses, however, she finally sees why her fiancé thought so highly of him. As they spend more time together, Gray learns that her chances for love have not died out with her fiancé. But when some surprise guests show up on their doorstep, it'll take the love of all of her new friends to help Gray learn that life may be messy, but love is messier.
Title: The Defiant Ones | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: Two convicts—a white racist and an angry black man—escape while chained to each other.
Title: The Connection | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: Newly transferred to the bustling port city of Marseille to assist with a crackdown on organized crime, energetic young magistrate Pierre Michel is given a rapid-fire tutorial on the ins and outs of an out-of-control drug trade. Pierre's wildly ambitious mission is to take on the French Connection, a highly organized operation that controls the city's underground heroin economy and is overseen by the notorious —and reputedly untouchable— Gaetan Zampa. Fearless, determined and willing to go the distance, Pierre plunges into an underworld world of insane danger and ruthless criminals.
Title: Sleepaway Camp | Genres: horror | Overview: Slightly disturbed and painfully shy Angela Baker is sent away to summer camp with her cousin. Not long after Angela's arrival, things start to go horribly wrong for anyone with sinister or less than honorable intentions.
"Title: Hud | Genres: western, drama | Overview: Hud Bannon is a ruthless young man who tarnishes everything and everyone he touches. Hud represents the perfect embodiment of alienated youth, out for kicks with no regard for the consequences. There is bitter conflict between the callous Hud and his stern and highly principled father, Homer. Hud's nephew Lon admires Hud's cheating ways, though he soon becomes too aware of Hud's reckless amorality to bear him anymore. In the world of the takers and the taken, Hud is a winner. He's a cheat, but, he explains, ""I always say the law was meant to be interpreted in a lenient manner."""
Title: The Courageous Heart of Irena Sendler | Genres: drama, war | Overview: Irena Sendler is a Catholic social worker who has sympathized with the Jews since her childhood, when her physician father died of typhus contracted while treating poor Jewish patients. When she initially proposes saving Jewish children from the Warsaw Ghetto, her idea is met with skepticism by fellow workers, her parish priest, and even her own mother Janina.
Title: Guilty as Sin | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery | Overview: Before a criminal lawyer knows what has happened, she is forced to defend a wife killer she knows is guilty.
"Title: The Color of Money | Genres: drama | Overview: Former pool hustler ""Fast Eddie"" Felson decides he wants to return to the game by taking a pupil. He meets talented but green Vincent Lauria and proposes a partnership. As they tour pool halls, Eddie teaches Vincent the tricks of scamming, but he eventually grows frustrated with Vincent's showboat antics, leading to an argument and a falling-out. Eddie takes up playing again and soon crosses paths with Vincent as an opponent."
Title: La Vie en Rose | Genres: music, drama | Overview: From the mean streets of the Belleville district of Paris to the dazzling limelight of New York's most famous concert halls, Edith Piaf's life was a constant battle to sing and survive, to live and love. Raised in her grandmother's brothel, Piaf was discovered in 1935 by nightclub owner Louis Leplee, who persuaded her to sing despite her extreme nervousness. Piaf became one of France's immortal icons, her voice one of the indelible signatures of the 20th century.
Title: D-Tox | Genres: thriller | Overview: A disgraced FBI agent with a drinking problem joins nine other troubled law enforcement officers at an isolated detox clinic in the wilds of Wyoming. But the therapeutic sanctuary becomes a nightmarish hellhole when a major snowstorm cuts off the clinic from the outside world and enables a killer on the inside to get busy.
Title: Dead End | Genres: mystery, horror, thriller | Overview: Christmas Eve. On his way to his in-laws with his family, Frank Harrington decides to try a shortcut, for the first time in 20 years. It turns out to be the biggest mistake of his life.
Title: This Is Our Time | Genres: drama | Overview: After graduation, five friends set out to make a difference in the world for God. Their ambitions are high, their passions are strong but will they have the courage to fulfill their calling regardless of what comes their way. The sacrifice they are asked to pay may just be too high. Through Godly council from an outside source, the group realizes that this is not their time after all, it's all His.
Title: Avengers Grimm: Time Wars | Genres: action, adventure, fantasy | Overview: When Rumpelstiltskin tries to take over Earth once and for all, The Avengers Grimm must track him down through time in order to defeat him.
Title: Devil's Bride | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Anna’s story takes place on Åland Island in 1666, during the beginning of the most widespread and systematic witch-hunts in Scandinavian history. In all, 16 women were convicted of being in league with the devil, and seven of them were executed. For Judge Psilander, who has mastered the newest witch theories of the time, the trials are meant to cleanse the island of superstition, to have science and common sense prevail. The main character, the intelligent and stubborn Anna, gets an intimate view of the events, having just started working as a maid in the judge’s house. To Anna’s misfortune, she falls intensely in love with her friend Rakel’s husband Elias, but his infatuation with her quickly fades. A hurt and jealous Anna decides to get revenge and falsely reports Rakel to Judge Psilander. It’s only when Rakel is arrested, and things get out of hand, that Anna realizes the gravity of her doings.
Title: Santa Claus Is Comin' to Town | Genres: tv movie, animation, family, fantasy | Overview: A postman, S.D. Kluger, decides to answer some of the most common questions about Santa Claus, and tells us about a small baby named Kris who is raised by a family of elf toymakers named Kringle. When Kris grew up, he wanted to deliver toys to the children of Sombertown. But its Mayor is too mean to let that happen. And to make things worse, the Winter Warlock who lives between the Kringles and Sombertown, but Kris manages to melt the Warlock's heart and deliver his toys.
Title: The Bachelor | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Jimmie is seeing his single friends get married one by one. He isn't too worried until his girlfriend Anne catches the bouquet at his friend Marco's wedding. Suddenly, his wild mustang days are numbered. He finally decides to propose to her, but he sticks his foot in his mouth and botches the proposal. Being insulted by the defeatist proposal, Anne leaves town on an assignment. After she's gone, he finds out that his recently-deceased grandfather's will stipulates that he gets nothing of a multi-million dollar fortune unless he's married by 6:05pm on his 30th birthday: tomorrow! Not being able to find Anne, Jimmie begins backtracking through his past girlfriends to find a wife.
"Title: Rose Island | Genres: comedy, adventure | Overview: In 1968, engineer Giorgio Rosa established the independent state called ""The Isle of Roses"" off the coast of Rimini, built on a platform outside the territorial waters, with Esperanto as the official language. The Italian authorities did not take it well because the micronation was seen as an expedient to not pay taxes on the revenues obtained thanks to the arrival of numerous tourists and curious people."
Title: The Rape | Genres: drama | Overview: Yahagi Michiko is accosted and raped walking home one evening. From there she maneuvers the logistics of the police, hospital, and criminal justice system while balancing her home life including romantic relationships.
Title: A Hologram for the King | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Alan Clay, a struggling American businessman, travels to Saudi Arabia to sell a new technology to the King, only to be challenged by endless Middle Eastern bureaucracy, a perpetually absent monarch, and a suspicious growth on his back.
Title: The Searchers | Genres: western | Overview: As a Civil War veteran spends years searching for a young niece captured by Indians, his motivation becomes increasingly questionable.
Title: Blood Brothers: Malcolm X and Muhammad Ali | Genres: documentary, history | Overview: From a chance meeting to a tragic fallout, Malcolm X and Muhammad Ali's extraordinary bond cracks under the weight of distrust and shifting ideals.
Title: The Breadwinner | Genres: war, drama, animation | Overview: A headstrong young girl in Afghanistan, ruled by the Taliban, disguises herself as a boy in order to provide for her family.
Title: The Gospel According to Matthew | Genres: history, drama | Overview: This biblical drama focuses on the teachings of Jesus, including the parables that reflect their revolutionary nature. As Jesus travels along the coast of the Sea of Galilee, he gradually gathers more followers, leading him into direct conflict with the authorities.
Title: City Slickers II: The Legend of Curly's Gold | Genres: action, comedy, drama, western | Overview: Mitch Robbins 40th birthday begins quite well until he returns home and finds his brother Glen, the black sheep of the family, in his sofa. Nevertheless he is about to have a wonderful birthday-night with his wife when he discovers a treasure map of Curly by chance. Together with Phil and unfortunately Glen he tries to find the hidden gold of Curly's father in the desert of Arizona.
Title: The Captain | Genres: war, drama, history | Overview: Germany, 1945. Soldier Willi Herold, a deserter of the German army, stumbles into a uniform of Nazi captain abandoned during the last and desperate weeks of the Third Reich. Newly emboldened by the allure of a suit that he has stolen only to stay warm, Willi discovers that many Germans will follow the leader, whoever he is.
Title: Blown Away | Genres: thriller, action, crime, drama | Overview: Blown Away tells the story of Jimmy Dove who works for the Boston bomb squad. Shortly after Dove leaves the force his partner is killed by a bomb that Dove thinks might have been made by someone he knows.
Title: The Resistance Banker | Genres: war, drama | Overview: In the occupied Netherlands during World War II, banker Walraven van Hall is asked to use his financial contacts to help the Dutch resistance. With his brother Gijs, he comes up with a risky plan to take out huge loans and use the money to finance the Resistance.
Title: Haikyuu!! Movie 3: Genius and Sense | Genres: animation, comedy, drama | Overview: Recap film focusing primarily on the match against Aoba Jouhsai from the second season.
Title: Second in Command | Genres: action | Overview: Armed insurgents attempt a coup d'etat in a troubled Eastern European country, and the president flees to the U.S. embassy for protection. When the U.S. ambassador is murdered by the ruthless and gun-happy rebels, it comes down to the second-in-command of the embassy, Sam Keenan, played by Belgian kickboxer Jean-Claude Van Damme, to use his amazing martial arts technique to defend the besieged.
Title: Beanpole | Genres: drama | Overview: Set in post-WWII Leningrad as two female soldiers return from war and attempt to rebuild their lives in the ravaged city.
Title: Zombie Massacre 2: Reich of the Dead | Genres: horror, war | Overview: Set in the WWII it tells the story of a bunch of american soldiers fighting against a horde of zombies created by the Nazis using the prisoners of the camps... They have only one night to save their own lives but the enemy is stronger and stronger...
Title: Les Misérables | Genres: crime, drama, history, romance | Overview: Jean Valjean, a Frenchman imprisoned for stealing bread, must flee a police officer named Javert. The pursuit consumes both men's lives, and soon Valjean finds himself in the midst of the student revolutions in France.
Title: Rise: Blood Hunter | Genres: action, adventure, horror, thriller | Overview: A reporter on the trail of a sinister cult wakes up in a morgue to find herself a member of the undead. She goes on a personal vendetta for a group a cultists that are responsible for her death.
Title: The Wanderers | Genres: drama | Overview: The streets of the Bronx are owned by '60s youth gangs where the joy and pain of adolescence is lived. Philip Kaufman tells his take on the novel by Richard Price about the history of the Italian-American gang ‘The Wanderers.’
Title: Ricochet | Genres: crime, thriller, action | Overview: An attorney is terrorized by the criminal he put away years ago when he was a cop.
Title: A Wizard's Tale | Genres: comedy, animation, adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: Balloon kingdoms, dopey police dragons and happy wizards are exactly how Terry remembered his Grandmother's whacky fairy tales. Except they are real and it's definitely not as 'cheerful.'
Title: Gamera vs. Gyaos | Genres: action, adventure, horror, science fiction | Overview: Unusual volcanic activity in Japan awakens Gyaos, a bloodthirsty flying monster with the power to slice things in half with an ultrasonic ray. While scientists and the military scramble to devise a way to stop this new threat, a young boy forms an alliance with Gamera; a monster no one else seems to trust.
Title: The Red Ghost | Genres: war, drama, history | Overview: December 30, 1941. Vyazma ('Vyazemsky cauldron') is a small detachment of Soviet soldiers, by fatal coincidence, in an unequal battle with a special unit of the Wehrmacht. However, none of them think about giving up. Each of them was ready to sacrifice his life in order to protect his native land. None of these brave people was born a hero. The myth of the red ghost is a heroic deed without a soldier's Soviet soldier in the Great Patriotic War who instilled in the animals, deadly fear of German soldiers. In place of one of the dead hero was inserted another, and the born myth of the invincible Soviet soldier. The film 'The Red Ghost' is about the hope that each soldier will have.
Title: Body Cam | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: Cops involved with covering up a murder by getting rid of their body cam video footage find themselves haunted by an evil spirit.
Title: Samurai Rebellion | Genres: drama, action | Overview: The mother of a feudal lord's only heir is kidnapped away from her husband by the lord. The husband and his samurai father must decide whether to accept the unjust decision, or risk death to get her back.
Title: Inferno | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A young man returns from Rome to his sister's satanic New York apartment house.
Title: Destination Wedding | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: Frank and Lindsay—two emotionally-broken strangers—meet on the way to a destination wedding. Over the course of the weekend and against all odds, they find themselves drawn together even though they are initially repulsed by one another.
Title: Hellboy Animated: Sword of Storms | Genres: tv movie, fantasy, animation, action, thriller, science fiction, horror | Overview: A folklore professor becomes unwittingly possessed by the ancient Japanese demons of Thunder and Lightning. But when The Bureau of Paranormal Research & Defense dispatches a team of agents to investigate, a cursed samurai sword sends Hellboy to a supernatural dimension of ghosts, monsters, and feudal mayhem. Now while pyrokinetic Liz Sherman and fishboy Abe Sapien battle one very pissed-off dragon, a lost and cranky Hellboy must find his way home.
Title: Bao | Genres: animation, family, fantasy | Overview: An aging Chinese mom suffering from empty nest syndrome gets another chance at motherhood when one of her dumplings springs to life as a lively, giggly dumpling boy.
Title: Angels in the Outfield | Genres: comedy, drama, family, fantasy | Overview: Roger is a foster child whose irresponsible father promises to get his act together when Roger's favourite baseball team, the California Angels, wins the pennant. The problem is that the Angels are in last place, so Roger prays for help to turn the team around. Sure enough, his prayers are answered in the form of angel Al.
Title: Curious George 3: Back to the Jungle | Genres: animation, family, adventure | Overview: When Curious George is offered a special space mission, Ted (The Man in the Yellow Hat) can't deny his little friend this exciting journey, especially after Curious George completes the training. But when he crash-lands in Africa, a worried Ted goes searching, expecting the worst, only to have it turn out to be the best.
Title: The Fencer | Genres: drama, history | Overview: Fleeing from the Russian secret police, a young Estonian fencer is forced to return to his homeland, where he becomes a physical education teacher at a local school. The past however catches up and puts him in front of a difficult choice.
Title: Eleven Silent Men | Genres: drama | Overview: Tells about the events of November 1945 when the first Post War championship of the USSR winners, Dynamo-Moscow, went on the historic tour of Britain. Soviet football players won not only on the football fields of England. They managed to win the hearts of the English audience, transforming the view created by the Western press and propaganda about the Russian people and the Soviet country.
Title: Sharknado | Genres: fantasy, horror, action, comedy, tv movie, science fiction | Overview: A freak hurricane hits Los Angeles, causing man-eating sharks to be scooped up in tornadoes and flooding the city with shark-infested seawater. Surfer and bar-owner Fin sets out with his friends Baz and Nova to rescue his estranged wife April and teenage daughter Claudia.
Title: Christmas Made to Order | Genres: tv movie, romance | Overview: When architect and Christmas amateur Steven finds himself hosting his family for Christmas, he recruits holiday coordinator Gretchen to bring holiday joy to his home. Gretchen’s expert Christmas spirit brings Steven’s family together, but neither expected it to bring them closer to each other. After a great opportunity presents itself to Gretchen, she and Steven must decide what’s really important in life.
Title: Dolphin Tale | Genres: drama, family | Overview: A story centered on the friendship between a boy and a dolphin whose tail was lost in a crab trap.
Title: Be Cool | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Disenchanted with the movie industry, Chili Palmer tries the music industry, meeting and romancing a widow of a music executive along the way.
Title: Batman | Genres: action, adventure, crime, science fiction, thriller, war | Overview: Japanese master spy Daka operates a covert espionage-sabotage organization located in Gotham City's now-deserted Little Tokyo, which turns American scientists into pliable zombies. The great crime-fighters Batman and Robin, with the help of their allies, are in pursuit.
Title: The Crow: Wicked Prayer | Genres: action, horror, thriller, fantasy | Overview: When ex-convict Jimmy and his girlfriend are brutally murdered on a reservation by a local gang of satanists, he's brought back by the Crow to seek vengence.
Title: The Cranes Are Flying | Genres: drama, romance, war | Overview: Veronika and Boris come together in Moscow shortly before World War II. Walking along the river, they watch cranes fly overhead, and promise to rendezvous before Boris leaves to fight. Boris misses the meeting and is off to the front lines, while Veronika waits patiently, sending letters faithfully. After her house is bombed, Veronika moves in with Boris' family, into the company of a cousin with his own intentions.
"Title: Noroi: The Curse | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: A documentary filmmaker explores seemingly unrelated paranormal incidents connected by the legend of an ancient demon called the ""kagutaba."""
Title: Bowling for Columbine | Genres: documentary | Overview: This is not a film about gun control. It is a film about the fearful heart and soul of the United States, and the 280 million Americans lucky enough to have the right to a constitutionally protected Uzi. From a look at the Columbine High School security camera tapes to the home of Oscar-winning NRA President Charlton Heston, from a young man who makes homemade napalm with The Anarchist's Cookbook to the murder of a six-year-old girl by another six-year-old. Bowling for Columbine is a journey through the US, through our past, hoping to discover why our pursuit of happiness is so riddled with violence.
Title: Hello World | Genres: science fiction, romance, animation | Overview: Year 2027, The city of Kyoto has undergone tremendous advancement. Within the city lives Naomi Katagaki, an introvert and Ruri Ichigyō, a girl with a cold personality. Both share a love for reading books. Despite having similar interests, Naomi is afraid to approach Ruri due to her unfriendly nature. One day, as Naomi goes out for a walk, a crimson aurora pierces through the sky for a brief moment. Shortly after, he sees a three-legged crow and a mysterious man who reveals himself to be Naomi from 10 years in the future, explaining that he has come to change a tragic event that happens to Ruri shortly after they start dating. Naomi follows his future self's instructions and starts getting closer to Ruri, determined to save her. With the help of his future self, Naomi begins his preparations to save Ruri. Will he be able to change the future?
Title: I'm Thinking of Ending Things | Genres: drama, mystery | Overview: Nothing is as it seems when a woman experiencing misgivings about her new boyfriend joins him on a road trip to meet his parents at their remote farm.
"Title: Immortal Beloved | Genres: drama, music, romance | Overview: A chronicle of the life of infamous classical composer Ludwig van Beethoven and his painful struggle with hearing loss. Following Beethoven's death in 1827, his assistant, Schindler, searches for an elusive woman referred to in the composer's love letters as ""immortal beloved."" As Schindler solves the mystery, a series of flashbacks reveal Beethoven's transformation from passionate young man to troubled musical genius."
Title: High and Low | Genres: crime, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: An executive of a shoe company becomes a victim of extortion when his chauffeur's son is kidnapped and held for ransom.
Title: SPF-18 | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: 18-year-old Penny Cooper spent years pining for Johnny Sanders Jr., but when a mysterious musician shows up on the beach, Penny is torn.
Title: Big Buck Bunny | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Follow a day of the life of Big Buck Bunny when he meets three bullying rodents: Frank, Rinky, and Gamera. The rodents amuse themselves by harassing helpless creatures by throwing fruits, nuts and rocks at them. After the deaths of two of Bunny's favorite butterflies, and an offensive attack on Bunny himself, Bunny sets aside his gentle nature and orchestrates a complex plan for revenge.
Title: Vidocq | Genres: fantasy, action, thriller, crime, science fiction, mystery | Overview: Paris, 1830. In the heart of the town, Vidocq, a famous detective, disappears as he fights the Alchemist, an assassin that he has been pursuing for a few months. His young biographer, Etienne Boisset, decides to avenge Vidocq's death and takes the investigation on...
Title: The Octagon | Genres: adventure, action, thriller | Overview: Scott James, a veteran martial arts expert, is recruited as the protector of the wealthy and beautiful Justine after she becomes the target of a ninja clan. When Scott finds out that his ruthless arch-nemesis, McCarn , is involved with the stealthy and dangerous criminals, he is eager to settle old scores. Soon Scott is facing off against McCarn and the entire ninja horde in an effort to take them all down.
Title: Above the Rim | Genres: crime | Overview: Story of a promising high school basketball star and his relationships with two brothers, one a drug dealer and the other a former basketball star fallen on hard times and now employed as a security guard.
Title: Phenomenon | Genres: drama, fantasy, romance, science fiction | Overview: An ordinary man sees a bright light descend from the sky, and discovers he now has super-intelligence and telekinesis.
Title: 3022 | Genres: science fiction | Overview: A group of astronauts living in the haunting emptiness of deep space struggle to cope after Earth suffers an extinction-level event.
Title: Raise the Titanic | Genres: adventure | Overview: To obtain a supply of a rare mineral, a ship raising operation is conducted for the only known source, the Titanic.
Title: While the Wolf's Away | Genres: mystery, drama, thriller | Overview: A young teen and his misfit group of friends try to escape from a strict boarding school that holds dangerous secrets.
Title: Stir Crazy | Genres: comedy | Overview: New Yorkers, Skip Donahue and Harry Monroe have no jobs and no prospects, so they decide to flee the city and find work elsewhere, landing jobs wearing woodpecker costumes to promote the opening of a bank. When their feathery costumes are stolen and used in a bank robbery, they no longer have to worry about employment—they're sent to prison.
Title: Dangal | Genres: drama, action | Overview: Dangal is an extraordinary true story based on the life of Mahavir Singh and his two daughters, Geeta and Babita Phogat. The film traces the inspirational journey of a father who trains his daughters to become world class wrestlers.
Title: Ratter | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: Emma is a young and beautiful graduate student just starting a new life in New York City. Like most people her age, she is always connected - her phone and laptop are constant companions, documenting her most intimate moments. What she doesn't realize is that she's sharing her life with an uninvited and dangerous guest. A hacker is following Emma’s every move. When the voyeuristic thrill of watching her digitally isn't enough, the situation escalates to a dangerous and terrifying level.
Title: Wonder Boys | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Grady is a 50-ish English professor who hasn't had a thing published in years—not since he wrote his award winning 'Great American Novel' 7 years ago. This weekend proves even worse than he could imagine as he finds himself reeling from one misadventure to another in the company of a new wonder boy author.
Title: Macbeth | Genres: war, drama | Overview: Scotland, 11th century. Driven by the twisted prophecy of three witches and the ruthless ambition of his wife, warlord Macbeth, bold and brave, but also weak and hesitant, betrays his good king and his brothers in arms and sinks into the bloody mud of a path with no return, sown with crime and suspicion.
"Title: LOL | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: In a world connected by YouTube, iTunes, and Facebook, Lola and her friends navigate the peer pressures of high school romance and friendship while dodging their sometimes overbearing and confused parents. When Lola's mom, Anne, ""accidentally"" reads her teenage daughter's racy journal, she realizes just how wide their communication gap has grown."
"Title: Some Like It Rare | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: Sophie and Vincent’s small butcher shop is on the brink of bankruptcy and their marriage is falling apart. Their lives are turned upside down when Vincent accidentally kills a vegan activist who vandalized their shop. Overwhelmed and terrified of being accused of murder, their only solution is to get rid of the body by turning it into ham. To their surprise the ham is so popular that it may save their business… that is if they’re ready to keep “hunting""!"
Title: Union of Salvation | Genres: drama, history, adventure | Overview: Russian troops occupied Paris. Russia became the first power in the world. Now everything seems possible. Young winners, guards officers, are sure that equality and freedom will come - here and now. For this they are ready to sacrifice everything - position, wealth, love, life ... and the country itself.
Title: A Better Tomorrow | Genres: action, crime, drama | Overview: A reforming ex-gangster tries to reconcile with his estranged policeman brother, but the ties to his former gang are difficult to break.
Title: Hero | Genres: drama, comedy, thriller, mystery | Overview: Bernie Laplante is having a rough time. He's divorced, his ex-wife hates him and has custody of their son, the cops are setting a trap for him, then to top it all, he loses a shoe whilst rescuing passengers of a crashed jet. Being a thief who is down on his luck, Bernie takes advantage of the crash, but then someone else claims credit for the rescue.
Title: No Time for Nuts | Genres: adventure, animation, family, tv movie | Overview: Scrat comes across a time machine and is transported to various times all in pursuit of his beloved acorn.
Title: The Negotiation | Genres: crime, action, thriller | Overview: An ace police crisis negotiator, Chae-yoon, is called to the scene where her supervisor is taken hostage. Through the control room monitor, she is faced with the cold-blooded hostage taker, Tae-gu, whose demeanors are difficult to interpret. Against the 21-hour deadline Tae-gu has set, Chae-yoon tirelessly tries to crack the unusually calm perp over multiple video-calls. Eventually, the shocking truth begins to unveil.
Title: Garfield's Pet Force | Genres: animation, comedy, family | Overview: Nothing in the world can make Garfield get involved in anything besides eating, until the muscular super cat Garzooka comes crashing into Cartoon World from the Comic Book universe with terrifying news. Garfield summons up the willpower to join his superhero Garzooka in a fight to save their worlds.
"Title: The Green Butchers | Genres: comedy | Overview: A black comedy featuring two butchers, Svend ""Sweat"" and Bjarne, who start their own shop to get away from their arrogant boss. Cannibalism is soon introduced to the plot, and further complications arise due to the reappearance of Bjarne's intellectually disabled twin brother Eigil."
Title: Body Double | Genres: crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: After losing an acting role and his girlfriend, Jake Scully finally catches a break: he gets offered a gig house-sitting in the Hollywood Hills. While peering through the beautiful home's telescope one night, he spies a gorgeous woman dancing in her window. But when he witnesses the girl's murder, it leads Scully through the netherworld of the adult entertainment industry on a search for answers—with porn actress Holly Body as his guide.
Title: Lost & Found | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: In order to impress his beautiful French neighbor, Dylan Ramsey dognaps her pet pooch so he can return him and become a hero.
Title: RRRrrrr!!! | Genres: comedy | Overview: 37 000 years ago, two neighboring tribes lived in peace ... not fully in peace. While the tribe clean hair flowed peaceful days by keeping to herself the secret formula shampoo, Tribe Hair Sales lamented. Its leader decided to send a spy to steal the recipe ...
Title: K-ON! The Movie | Genres: animation, family, adventure, comedy, music | Overview: Graduation draws near for Yui, Ritsu, Mio and Tsumugi, the four 3rd-year students of the Light Music Club. They, together with Azusa, decide to go on a post-graduation trip. Their destination, decided by Lot, is London!
Title: Big Miracle | Genres: drama, romance, adventure | Overview: Based on an inspiring true story, a small-town news reporter (Krasinski) and a Greenpeace volunteer (Barrymore) enlist the help of rival superpowers to save three majestic gray whales trapped under the ice of the Arctic Circle. ‘Big Miracle’ is adapted from the nonfiction book ‘Freeing the Whales: How the Media Created the World’s Greatest Non-Event’ by Tom Rose.
Title: Little Lord Fauntleroy | Genres: tv movie, family, drama | Overview: Young Cedric Errol and his widowed mother live in genteel poverty in 1880s Brooklyn after the death of his father. Cedric's grandfather, the Earl of Dorincourt, has long ago disowned his son for marrying an American. But after the death of the Earl's remaining son, he decides to accept Cedric as his heir.
Title: Return to Nim's Island | Genres: family, adventure | Overview: Fourteen year old Nim, more determined than ever to protect her island and all the wildlife that call it home, faces off against resort developers and animal poachers. Soon she realizes she can’t depend on her animal cohorts alone and must make her first human friend – Edmund, who’s run away to the island from the mainland – to save her home.
Title: Taps | Genres: war, drama | Overview: Military cadets take extreme measures to ensure the future of their academy when its existence is threatened by local condo developers.
Title: The Artist | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: Hollywood, 1927: As silent movie star George Valentin wonders if the arrival of talking pictures will cause him to fade into oblivion, he sparks with Peppy Miller, a young dancer set for a big break.
Title: The Call | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: In the fall of 1987, a group of small-town friends must survive the night in the home of a sinister couple after a tragic accident occurs. Needing only to make a single phone call, the request seems horribly ordinary until they realize that this call could change their life…or end it.
Title: The Land Before Time VI: The Secret of Saurus Rock | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: Legends claim that Saurus Rock keeps bad luck out of the Great Valley. Is it really true? Could the mysterious Longneck named Doc be the famous Lone Dinosaur, who can defeat a Sharptooth with his lasso-like tail? To find out, Littlefoot and company must cross the great Valley and face a dangerous Sharptooth themselves!
Title: Doraemon: Nobita and the Green Giant Legend | Genres: adventure, animation, family | Overview: Nobita’s troubled about what to do with his zero test marks once again. A gust of wind scatters his test papers and he falls into a garbage dump trying to gather them together again. There he finds a young withered tree that caught one of his papers and he decides to take it home. He tries to plant it in his garden but gets caught by his mother who doesn’t allow him to grow it.
Title: The Berlin File | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: When an illicit arms deal goes bad, North Korean spy Pyo Jong-seong finds himself targeted not just by the South Koreans but also his own bosses.
Title: The Man in the Moon | Genres: drama, family, romance | Overview: Maureen Trant and her younger sibling Dani share a strong connection, but local boy Court Foster threatens to throw their bond off balance. Dani and Court meet first and have a flirtatious rapport -- but when he meets Maureen, he falls hard and they begin a passionate affair. The new couple try to keep their love hidden from Dani, but she soon learns the truth, disavowing her sister. But a heartbreaking accident later reunites the girls.
"Title: The Emerald Forest | Genres: action, adventure, drama | Overview: For ten years, engineer Bill Markham has searched tirelessly for his son Tommy who disappeared from the edge of the Brazilian rainforest. Miraculously, he finds the boy living among the reclusive Amazon tribe who adopted him. And that's when Bill's adventure truly begins. For his son is now a grown tribesman who moves skillfully through this beautiful-but-dangerous terrain, fearful only of those who would exploit it. And as Bill attempts to ""rescue"" him from the savagery of the untamed jungle, Tommy challenges Bill's idea of true civilization and his notions about who needs rescuing."
Title: My Favorite Wedding | Genres: comedy, romance, tv movie | Overview: Potential Northwestern fellow Tess Harper lasers through her best friend's wedding planning like the star doctor she hopes to soon become. In fact, Tess puzzles through any problem - provided it's not her own. When she meets divorce lawyer and groom's best friend, Michael, Tess maneuvers around him like a gurney in the emergency room until she discovers this best man has a few moves of his own.
Title: The Black Hole | Genres: adventure, family, science fiction, action | Overview: The explorer craft USS Palomino is returning to Earth after a fruitless 18-month search for extra-terrestrial life when the crew comes upon a supposedly lost ship, the USS Cygnus, hovering near a black hole. The ship is controlled by Dr. Hans Reinhardt and his monstrous robot companion, but the initial wonderment and awe the Palomino crew feel for the ship and its resistance to the power of the black hole turn to horror as they uncover Reinhardt's plans.
Title: The Night of the Hunter | Genres: crime, drama, thriller | Overview: In the Deep South, a serial-killing preacher hunts two young children who know the whereabouts of a stash of money.
Title: Jesse Stone: Stone Cold | Genres: crime, drama, thriller, tv movie | Overview: Jesse Stone is a former L.A. homicide detective who left behind the big city and an ex-wife to become the police chief of the quiet New England fishing town of Paradise. Stone's old habits die hard as he continues to indulge his two favorite things: Scotch whiskey and women. After a series of murders—the first ever in Paradise—and a high school girl is raped, he's forced to face his own demons in order to solve the crimes.
Title: Born Yesterday | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: Uncouth, loud-mouth junkyard tycoon Harry Brock descends upon Washington D.C. to buy himself a congressman or two, bringing with him his mistress, ex-showgirl Billie Dawn.
Title: I'm Gonna Git You Sucka | Genres: comedy, action, crime | Overview: Jack Spade returns from the army in his old ghetto neighbourhood when his brother, June Bug, dies. Jack declares war on Mr. Big, powerful local crimelord. His army is led by John Slade, his childhood idol who used to fight bad guys in the 70s.
Title: Firewalker | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: A pair of adventurers try to track down an ancient Aztec/Mayan/Egyptian/Apache horde of gold.
"Title: Running Scared | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Joey Gazelle is a low level mobster whose job it is to dispose of ""hot"" guns from mob killings. But Joey has been hiding these guns in the drywall of his basement, instead of tossing them in the river. When Joey's son and his best friend, Oleg, witness Joey hiding some guns from a botched drug deal, Oleg steals one of the guns and shoots his abusive stepfather with it. Things are bad enough, but Oleg's stepfather happens to be the nephew of a psychotic Russian mob boss, who happens to be in business with Joey's crew on a gasoline scam. But now Joey's got a dirty cop from the botched drug deal on his case, not to mention the hot .38 out there on the street. As well as Oleg, who can connect Joey to the gun. And if Joey manages to make it through the night, he's still got to answer to his wife."
Title: Bruce Lee: The Legend | Genres: documentary | Overview: The Official Golden Harvest tribute to the Master of the Martial Arts Film, Bruce Lee.
Title: Hanasaku Iroha: Home Sweet Home | Genres: animation, drama, comedy | Overview: While sorting through a mess of books in the staff room, Ohana happens upon one of Denroku's log books from long ago. Within it, it recounts a story of Ohana's mom when she was the same age as her.
Title: Wings | Genres: drama, action, war, romance | Overview: Two young men, one rich, one middle class, both in love with the same woman, become US Air Corps fighter pilots and, eventually, heroic flying aces during World War I. Devoted best friends, their mutual love of the girl eventually threatens their bond. Meanwhile, a hometown girl who's the lovestruck lifelong next door neighbor of one of them, pines away.
Title: Crazy/Beautiful | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: At Pacific Palisades High, a poor Latino falls hard for a troubled girl from the affluent neighborhood.
"Title: Liz and the Blue Bird | Genres: animation, drama, music | Overview: Two girls grow closer as they practice for their last duet before graduating, a piece called ""Liz And The Blue Bird""."
Title: Voyage of the Damned | Genres: drama, war | Overview: A luxury liner carries Jewish refugees from Hitler's Germany in a desperate fight for survival.
Title: Goal! II: Living the Dream | Genres: drama | Overview: Tempted away from Newcastle United to join Real Madrid, rising star Santiago Munez finds this latest change of fortune the greatest challenge yet - personally as well as professionally. He is reunited with Gavin Harris, though they must compete to be on the team, and estranged from fiancee Roz, whose nursing career keeps her back home.
Title: Flower & Snake II | Genres: drama, thriller, romance | Overview: The beautiful Shizuko (Aya Sugimoto) and her husband Tooyama Takayoshi (Jo Shishido) have a loving relationship, But Takayoshi is getting older and isn't always able to perform. His primary source of gratification involves observing his wife in sadomasochistic scenarios so he commissions a painter, skilled in the arts of bondage to bring these fantasies to life. Soon, Shiziko becomes a willing and submissive participant in fulfilling the S&M fantasies of not only her husband but a slew of rich lecherous men.
Title: Checkered Ninja 2 | Genres: animation, comedy | Overview: In “CHECKERED NINJA 2”, we again follow the boy Alex and Checkered Ninja on a frantic hunt for the villain from the first movie Phillip Eppermint. Because Eppermint manages to evade a prison sentence in Thailand, CHECKERED Ninja comes alive and seeks out Alex. Together, and with Alex’s entire family, they now have to go to Thailand to bust Eppermint. Alex and Checkered Ninja are swooped up into a dangerous mission, where their friendship sometimes comes under intense pressure.
"Title: Auto Focus | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: A successful TV star during the 1960s, former ""Hogan's Heroes"" actor Bob Crane projects a wholesome family-man image, but this front masks his persona as a sex addict who records and photographs his many encounters with women, often with the help of his seedy friend, John Henry Carpenter. This biographical drama reveals how Crane's double life takes its toll on him and his family, and ultimately contributes to his death."
"Title: Hard Rain | Genres: thriller, crime, action | Overview: Get swept up in the action as an armored car driver (Christian Slater) tries to elude a gang of thieves (led by Morgan Freeman) while a flood ravages the countryside. Hard Rain is ""a wild, thrilling, chilling action ride"" filled with close calls, uncertain loyalties and heart-stopping heroics."
Title: Alien Convergence | Genres: horror, action, science fiction | Overview: When flying reptilian creatures wreak havoc all over the world, the survivors’ only hope of stopping them is a new, state-of-the-art fighter jet piloted by the only team that knows how to use the technology.
Title: Desierto | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: A group of Mexican emigrants attempts to cross the Mexican-US border. What begins as a hopeful journey becomes a harrowing, bloody and primal fight for survival when a deranged, rifle-toting vigilante and his loyal Belgian Malinois dog chase the group of unarmed men and women through the treacherous borderland. In the harsh, unforgiving desert terrain, the odds are stacked firmly against them as they discover there’s nowhere to hide from the unrelenting, merciless killer.
Title: Obsessed | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Things couldn't be better for Derek Charles. He's just received a big promotion at work, and has a wonderful marriage with his beautiful wife, Sharon. However, into this idyllic world steps Lisa, a temporary worker at Derek's office. Lisa begins to stalk Derek, jeopardizing all he holds dear.
Title: Marry Me, Dude | Genres: comedy | Overview: Yassine asks his best friend Fred to marry him in order to avoid deportation...
Title: Scorched Earth | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: In a post-apocalyptic future, bounty hunter Attica Gage pursues a ruthless outlaw at the head of a dangerous criminal gang.
Title: Urusei Yatsura: Remember My Love | Genres: science fiction, animation, comedy, fantasy, romance | Overview: The third film finds Ataru transformed into a pink hippopotamus, which sends Lum chasing after the wicked magician responsible, with catastrophic results. With Lum gone, her friends decide that there is no reason to remain, and so Tomobiki slowly returns to normal. The highlight of the film is a high speed chase scene with an angry Lum flying after the mysterious Ruu through the city at night and into a hall of mirrors (and illusion ). Ataru's true feelings for Lum are probably more obvious in this film than any of the others.
Title: Conspiracy Theory | Genres: action, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: A man obsessed with conspiracy theories becomes a target after one of his theories turns out to be true. Unfortunately, in order to save himself, he has to figure out which theory it is.
"Title: Kung Fu Master Huo Yuanjia | Genres: action, drama | Overview: The young and vigorous Huo Yuanjia was only focused on ""subjugating people by force"", and therefore had a rift with his father and ran away from home. When he first arrived in Jinmen, he met Nong Jinsun who secretly escorted the reformers, and Zheng Yi shot out the crisis of the agriculture, and the two became friends. Nong Jinsun persuaded him to use a good martial art to open a martial arts hall to strengthen the people and the country."
Title: Under the Sea: A Descendants Story | Genres: music, tv movie, fantasy | Overview: Mal emerges from the shadows of a mystical forest onto a dark coastline where she crosses paths with Dizzy.
Title: Barton Fink | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A renowned New York playwright is enticed to California to write for the movies and discovers the hellish truth of Hollywood.
Title: Redline | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: A gorgeous young automobile fanatic--and front to the hottest unsigned band on the West coast--finds herself caught up in illegal drag-racing competitions organized by exotic car fanatics
Title: Prom Night | Genres: horror, crime, drama | Overview: Donna's senior prom is supposed to be the best night of her life, though a sadistic killer from her past has different plans for her and her friends.
Title: Some Kind of Wonderful | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A young tomboy, Watts, finds her feelings for her best friend, Keith, run deeper than just friendship when he gets a date with the most popular girl in school.
Title: The General's Daughter | Genres: thriller, mystery, drama, crime | Overview: When the body of Army Capt. Elizabeth Campbell is found on a Georgia military base, two investigators, Warrant Officers Paul Brenner and Sara Sunhill, are ordered to solve her murder. What they uncover is anything but clear-cut. Unseemly details emerge about Campbell's life, leading to allegations of a possible military coverup of her death and the involvement of her father, Lt. Gen. Joseph Campbell.
Title: Effie Gray | Genres: drama | Overview: A look at the mysterious relationship between Victorian art critic John Ruskin and his teenage bride Effie Gray.
Title: Safety Not Guaranteed | Genres: comedy, romance, science fiction, drama | Overview: Three magazine employees head out on an assignment to interview a guy who placed a classified ad seeking a companion for time travel.
Title: Lions for Lambs | Genres: action, adventure, drama, history | Overview: Three stories told simultaneously in ninety minutes of real time: a Republican Senator who's a presidential hopeful gives an hour-long interview to a skeptical television reporter, detailing a strategy for victory in Afghanistan; two special forces ambushed on an Afghani ridge await rescue as Taliban forces close in; a poli-sci professor at a California college invites a student to re-engage.
"Title: Hacksaw | Genres: horror | Overview: A young couple on a road trip takes a detour to the site where a notorious murderer, Ed ""Hacksaw"" Crowe, became an urban legend on the day he was killed many years before, but they quickly find the legend may not be quite as dead as they were counting on."
Title: A Dog's Will | Genres: adventure, comedy | Overview: The lively Jack the Cricket and the sly Chicó are poor guys living in the hinterland who cheat a bunch of people in a small in Northeastern Brazil. When they die, they have to be judged by Christ, the Devil and the Virgin Mary before they are admitted to paradise.
Title: Cencoroll | Genres: animation, science fiction | Overview: A giant monster sends a town's citizens into a panic, except for a girl named Yuki and her schoolmate Tetsu. Tetsu happens to have his own strange creature named Cenco as a pet. Another boy named Shuu controls the monster threatening the town, and the stage is set for a battle.
Title: The Guilt Trip | Genres: comedy | Overview: An inventor and his mom hit the road together so he can sell his latest invention.
Title: While We're Young | Genres: comedy, drama, mystery | Overview: An uptight documentary filmmaker and his wife find their lives loosened up a bit after befriending a free-spirited younger couple.
Title: Caddyshack | Genres: comedy | Overview: At an exclusive country club, an ambitious young caddy, Danny Noonan, eagerly pursues a caddy scholarship in hopes of attending college and, in turn, avoiding a job at the lumber yard. In order to succeed, he must first win the favour of the elitist Judge Smails, and then the caddy golf tournament which Smails sponsors.
Title: Like.Share.Follow. | Genres: horror, thriller, romance | Overview: Garrett is a rising YouTube star. Shell is a deeply emotional fan. When they begin a romantic relationship, he's forced to question whether opening your life to strangers online is an invitation to community and rescue... or to stalking, obsession and madness.
Title: The Secret: Dare to Dream | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A widow with three children hires a handyman to fix her house during a major storm. When not doing home repairs, he shares his philosophy of believing in the power of the universe to deliver what we want.
Title: Harvey | Genres: comedy, fantasy | Overview: The story of Elwood P. Dowd who makes friends with a spirit taking the form of a human-sized rabbit named Harvey that only he sees (and a few privileged others on occasion also.) After his sister tries to commit him to a mental institution, a comedy of errors ensues. Elwood and Harvey become the catalysts for a family mending its wounds and for romance blossoming in unexpected places.
Title: Made in Italy | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A bohemian artist travels from London to Italy with his estranged son to sell the house they inherited from his late wife.
Title: Woman Walks Ahead | Genres: drama, history, western | Overview: In 1890, Catherine Weldon, a painter from New York, travels to North Dakota to paint a portrait of Sitting Bull and becomes involved in the struggle of the Lakota people to get the Government respects their rights over the land where they live.
Title: Timecrimes | Genres: science fiction, thriller | Overview: A man accidentally gets into a time machine and travels back in time nearly an hour. Finding himself will be the first of a series of disasters of unforeseeable consequences.
Title: The Guru | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Bored with Bollywood movies but fascinated with their Hollywood counterparts from his youth, Ram dreams to become a singer and actor in America, the country where dreams are made. He is encouraged when his American-based close friend, Vijay Rao, comes for visit, and brags about driving a Mercedes and living in a penthouse.
Title: The Tribes of Palos Verdes | Genres: drama | Overview: When the situation at her idyllic Palos Verdes home turns volatile, young Medina attempts to surf her way to happiness.
Title: The Lady Vanishes | Genres: mystery, thriller | Overview: On a train headed for England a group of travelers is delayed by an avalanche. Holed up in a hotel in a fictional European country, young Iris befriends elderly Miss Froy. When the train resumes, Iris suffers a bout of unconsciousness and wakes to find the old woman has disappeared. The other passengers ominously deny Miss Froy ever existed, so Iris begins to investigate with another traveler and, as the pair sleuth, romantic sparks fly.
Title: Spielberg | Genres: documentary, tv movie | Overview: A documentary on the life and career of one of the most influential film directors of all time, Steven Spielberg.
Title: Confidential Assignment | Genres: action | Overview: When a crime organization from North Korea crosses borders and enters South Korean soil, a South Korean detective must cooperate with a North Korean detective to investigate their whereabouts.
Title: The Oil-Hell Murder | Genres: drama | Overview: The indolent son of an oil vendor becomes a regular customer of a prostitute, racks up a mountain of debt, and is disowned by his parents.
Title: Cómo Filmar Una XXX | Genres: comedy | Overview: Ulises Alpuyeca, a film initiate, wants to make his debut feature and he accepts the first opportunity offered to him to direct a film, without knowing that it is foing to be a porn movie. Gudelio Medina, photographer and Ulysses's old mate, convinces him to do it. All participants in the film, start, unaware of the main porn star gender, making room for hilarious entanglements, but once committed to the project they must discover how to shoot a porn movie and in the process, just maybe, discover love.
Title: Lord of Illusions | Genres: horror, fantasy | Overview: During a routine case in L.A., NY private investigator Harry D'Amour stumbles over members of a fanatic cult who are preparing for the resurrection of their leader Nix, a powerful magician who was killed 13 years earlier.
Title: 32 Malasana Street | Genres: horror | Overview: Inspired by real events, the story centers around a family in the 70s who settles in the Madrid neighborhood of Malasaña where their new house will become the worst of their nightmares.
Title: Becky | Genres: thriller, crime, horror | Overview: A teenager's weekend at a lake house with her father takes a turn for the worse when a group of convicts wreaks havoc on their lives.
Title: College Road Trip | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: When an overachieving high school student decides to travel around the country to choose the perfect college, her overprotective cop father also decides to accompany her in order to keep her on the straight and narrow.
Title: The Sure Thing | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Gib, a beer-guzzling slob, and Alison, an uptight Ivy-Leaguer, are an unlikely duo stuck together on a cross-country trip during Christmas break. At first they get on each other's nerves but, as time passes, they find their divergent natures complement each other. Now they need to realize what they've already found before it's too late.
Title: Crying Freeman | Genres: action, crime | Overview: A lethal assassin for a secret Chinese organisation, who sheds tears of regret each time he kills, is seen swiftly and mercilessly executing three Yakuza gangsters by a beautiful artist. She is captivated by the grace of his kill and later falls in love with him. An intense power struggle for the leadership of the Yakuza Clans ensues as they seek vengeance for the death of their leader.
Title: The Man Who Killed Don Quixote | Genres: adventure, comedy, drama, fantasy | Overview: Toby, a cynical film director finds himself trapped in the outrageous delusions of an old Spanish shoe-maker who believes himself to be Don Quixote. In the course of their comic and increasingly surreal adventures, Toby is forced to confront the tragic repercussions of a film he made in his idealistic youth.
Title: A Guy Thing | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Paul Morse is a good guy. When his friends throw him a wild bachelor party, he just wants to keep his conscience clean -- which is why he's shocked when he wakes up in bed with a beautiful girl named Becky and can't remember the night before. Desperate to keep his fiancée, Karen, from finding out what may or may not be the truth, he tells her a teensy lie. Soon his lies are spiraling out of control and his life is a series of comical misunderstandings.
Title: Hairspray | Genres: comedy, drama, family, music, romance | Overview: 'Pleasantly Plump' teenager Tracy Turnblad achieves her dream of becoming a regular on the Corny Collins Dance Show. Now a teen hero, she starts using her fame to speak out for the causes she believes in, most of all integration. In doing so, she earns the wrath of the show's former star, Amber Von Tussle, as well as Amber's manipulative, pro-segregation parents. The rivalry comes to a head as Amber and Tracy vie for the title of Miss Auto Show 1963.
Title: Nocturama | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Paris, one morning. A group of young people from different backgrounds. They launch into a strange ballet in the metro tunnels and the city's streets. They seem to follow a plan. Their gestures are precise, almost dangerous. They converge towards the same point, a department store, at the moment it is about to shut. Night begins.
Title: Emanuelle in America | Genres: drama, mystery | Overview: An American journalist travels throughout the world in search of a good story by joining a modern-day harem and traveling to Venice to see what really goes on at diplomatic parties. While trying to expose a corrupt government official, Emanuelle stumbles upon a group that uses kidnapped girls to make and sell snuff films
Title: I Am Jonas | Genres: drama, romance, tv movie | Overview: When Jonas was 14 he met the charismatic but mysterious Nathan. In addition to guiding him in his sexuality, Jonas soon confronts something dark and even dangerous about his new friend. Now an attractive, sexually assured adult, memories still haunt him. Trying frantically to put the missing pieces together, Jonas becomes determined to break the shackles of the past and finally set himself free.
Title: The Trials of Cate McCall | Genres: drama | Overview: In order to be reinstated to the bar and recover custody of her daughter, a hotshot lawyer, now in recovery and on probation, must take on the appeal of a woman wrongfully convicted of murder.
Title: Drive Me Crazy | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: Nicole and Chase live next door to each other but are worlds apart. However, they plot a scheme to date each other in order to attract the interest and jealousy of their respective romantic prey. But in the mist of planning a gala centennial celebration, Nicole and Chase find that the one they always wanted was closer than they ever thought.
Title: Ghost Town | Genres: comedy, fantasy, romance | Overview: A spirited romantic comedy, Ghost Town is the story of Bertram Pincus (Ricky Gervais), a cranky Manhattan dentist who develops the unwelcome ability to see dead people. Really annoying dead people. But, when a smooth-talking ghost (Greg Kinnear) traps Bertram into a romantic scheme involving his widow Gwen (Tea Leoni), they are entangled in a hilarious predicament between the now and the hereafter!
Title: Look Who's Talking Too | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: Mollie and James are together and raising a family, which now consists of an older Mikey and his baby sister, Julie. Tension between the siblings arises, and as well with Mollie and James when Mollie's brother Stuart moves in. Mikey is also learning how to use the toilet for the first time.
Title: About Love. Adults Only | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: The second part of the film “About Love”. Moscow, summer 2016. A new lecture, a new lecturer with a new theme: “How to preserve love in the modern world” – and five new stories about love. The heroes still suffer, struggle for love, even more often get into absurd and ridiculous situations, and yet they trust in love even more.
Title: Post Grad | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Ryden Malby has a master plan. Graduate college, get a great job, hang out with her best friend and find the perfect guy. But her plan spins hilariously out of control when she’s forced to move back home with her eccentric family.
Title: An Education | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Despite her sheltered upbringing, Jenny is a teen with a bright future; she's smart, pretty, and has aspirations of attending Oxford University. When David, a charming but much older suitor, motors into her life in a shiny automobile, Jenny gets a taste of adult life that she won't soon forget.
Title: The Big Brawl | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: A young Asian American martial artist is forced to participate in a brutal formal street-fight competition.
Title: Carnage | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: After 11-year-old Zachary Cowan strikes his classmate across the face with a stick after an argument, the victim's parents invite Zachary's parents to their Brooklyn apartment to deal with the incident in a civilized manner.
Title: Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex - Solid State Society | Genres: animation, action, thriller, crime, science fiction | Overview: The story takes place in the year 2034, two years after the events in Ghost in the Shell: S.A.C. 2nd GIG. Female cyborg Major Motoko Kusanagi has left Public Security Section 9, an elite counter-terrorist and anti-crime unit specializing in cyber-warfare, which has expanded to a team of 20 field operatives with Togusa acting as the field lead.
Title: WarGames | Genres: action | Overview: High School student David Lightman has a talent for hacking. But while trying to hack into a computer system to play unreleased video games, he unwittingly taps into the Defense Department's war computer and initiates a confrontation of global proportions. Together with his girlfriend and a wizardly computer genius, David must race against time to outwit his opponent and prevent a nuclear Armageddon.
Title: The Drowning | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A psychiatrist faces his past, present and future when he finds himself involved in the treatment of a young man recently released from prison for a murder committed when the boy was just 11 years old.
Title: ¡A Volar, Joven! | Genres: comedy | Overview: Cantinflas is a private in the military, who doesn't know anything about discipline or following rules. He only wants to think about his girlfriend, the maid in an opulent hacienda. The owner of the hacienda has an ugly and shy daughter, who is in love with Cantinflas. The problems arrive when the family arranges a wedding between the ugly girl and Cantinflas, who in order to avoid the commitment gets himself arrested. During his punishment, Cantinflas learns to fly with a silly and poorly trained flight instructor.
Title: The Swan Princess: Escape from Castle Mountain | Genres: family, fantasy, animation, romance | Overview: The first wedding anniversary of Princess Odette and Prince Derek is distracted by field fires set by Knuckles. His master Clavius, wants to conquer the world, and he needs to capture a giant orb to do that. Clavius kidnaps Queen Uberta and Odette with Derek have to save her.
Title: Love Wrecked | Genres: family, romance | Overview: On a Caribbean cruise, Jenny is marooned on a beach with her rock and roll idol. Deliriously in love with the idea of time alone with him, she manages to hide the fact that they're a stone's throw away from their resort.
Title: Reap the Wild Wind | Genres: adventure, drama, romance | Overview: The Florida Keys in 1840, where the implacable hurricanes of the Caribbean scream, where the salvagers of Key West, like the intrepid and beautiful Loxi Claiborne and her crew, reap, aboard frail schooners, the harvest of the wild wind, facing the shark teeth of the reefs to rescue the sailors and the cargo from the shipwrecks caused by the scavengers of the sea.
Title: Firefox | Genres: science fiction, action, adventure, thriller | Overview: The Soviets have developed a revolutionary new jet fighter, called 'Firefox'. Worried that the jet will be used as a first-strike weapon—as there are rumours that it is undetectable by radar—the British send ex-Vietnam War pilot, Mitchell Gant on a covert mission into the Soviet Union to steal the Firefox.
Title: Tigerland | Genres: drama, war | Overview: A group of recruits go through Advanced Infantry Training at Fort Polk, Louisiana's infamous Tigerland, last stop before Vietnam for tens of thousands of young men in 1971.
Title: Dead Man Walking | Genres: drama | Overview: A justice drama based on a true story about a man on death row who, in his last days, forms a strong relationship with a nun who teaches him forgiveness and gives him spirituality, as she accompanies him to his execution.
Title: Suspicion | Genres: mystery, romance, thriller | Overview: Wealthy, sheltered Lina McLaidlaw is swept off her feet by charming ne'er-do-well Johnnie Aysgarth. Though warned that Johnnie is little more than a fortune hunter, Lina marries him anyway and remains loyal to her irresponsible husband as he plows his way from one disreputable business scheme to another. Gradually Lina comes to the conclusion that Johnnie intends to kill her in order to collect her inheritance. The suspicion seems confirmed when Johnnie's business partner dies under mysterious circumstances.
Title: Hollow Man II | Genres: horror, action, thriller, science fiction | Overview: After the mysterious death of scientist, Dr. Devin Villiers, Det. Frank Turner and his partner are assigned to protect Villiers' colleague, who revealed that a veteran soldier was subjected to an experiment with the objective of creating the ultimate national security weapon... an undetectable soldier. The experiment failed – with disastrous side effects.
Title: Little Buddha | Genres: drama, history | Overview: After the death of Lama Dorje, Tibetan Buddhist monks find three children — one American and two Nepalese — who may be the rebirth of their great teacher.
Title: Mr. Magoo | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Mr. Magoo, a man with terrible eyesight, gets caught up in a museum robbery.
Title: Assassination Games | Genres: action | Overview: Brazil is a contract killer, willing to take any job if the price is right. Flint left the assassin game when a ruthless drug dealer’s brutal attack left his wife in a coma. When a contract is put out on the same coldblooded drug dealer, both Brazil and Flint want him dead – one for the money, the other for revenge. With crooked Interpol agents and vicious members of the criminal underworld hot on their trail, these two assassins reluctantly join forces to quickly take out their target before they themselves are terminated.
Title: Troll | Genres: fantasy, horror | Overview: When a family moves into a San Francisco apartment, an opportunistic troll decides to make his move and take possession of little Wendy (Jenny Beck), thereby paving the way for new troll recruits, the first in his army that will take eventual control of the planet. We soon discover Torok is the ex-husband of Eunice St. Clair, a resident in the building who was married to Torok.
Title: Sex Story: Fifty Shades of Grey | Genres: documentary | Overview: A look at the phenomenal success of novel, Fifty Shades of Grey.
Title: 3 Men and a Baby | Genres: family, comedy | Overview: Three bachelors find themselves forced to take care of a baby left by one of the guy's girlfriends.
Title: The Fly | Genres: drama, horror, science fiction | Overview: Industrialist François Delambre is called late at night by his sister-in-law, Helene Delambre, who tells him that she has just killed her husband, André. Reluctant at first, she eventually explains to the police that André invented a matter transportation apparatus and, while experimenting on himself, a fly entered the chamber during the matter transference.
Title: Brotherhood of Blades | Genres: romance, action, drama | Overview: In the late Ming Dynasty, three sworn brothers who serve as the imperial secret police are dispatched to hunt down Wei Zhongxian, a eunuch politician who had been forced to resign from his influential post and exiled from Beijing. The brothers return successfully from their quest, only to find that their task was but the beginning of a strange conspiracy.
Title: The Odd Couple | Genres: comedy | Overview: In New York, Felix, a neurotic news writer who just broke up with his wife, is urged by his chaotic friend Oscar, a sports journalist, to move in with him, but their lifestyles are as different as night and day are, so Felix's ideas about housekeeping soon begin to irritate Oscar.
Title: Vanishing Point | Genres: action, drama | Overview: Kowalski works for a car delivery service, and takes delivery of a 1970 Dodge Challenger to drive from Colorado to San Francisco. Shortly after pickup, he takes a bet to get the car there in less than 15 hours.
Title: Southland Tales | Genres: comedy, science fiction, drama, mystery, thriller | Overview: Set in the futuristic landscape of Los Angeles on July 4, 2008, as it stands on the brink of social, economic and environmental disaster. Boxer Santaros is an action star who's stricken with amnesia. His life intertwines with Krysta Now, an adult film star developing her own reality television project, and Ronald Taverner, a Hermosa Beach police officer who holds the key to a vast conspiracy.
Title: Smokin' Aces 2: Assassins' Ball | Genres: action, comedy | Overview: Walter Weed is an unassuming desk jockey at the FBI when the Bureau uncovers a plot to assassinate him. A team of degenerate, psychotic assassins dispatched by mystery man Hal Leuco to win a huge bounty includes a resourceful beauty who has a unique method of killing her prey, a power-tool wielding psychopath and a deadly master of disguise.
Title: My Best Friend | Genres: drama | Overview: Lorenzo is a teenager who lives in Patagonia. One day his family receives in his house to Caíto, the son of some friends who are going through a serious family situation and can not take care of him. He is a complicated kid and has difficulty adapting to the new home. Despite the differences, a unique friendship arises between them. Each has much to learn from the other. Caito, still with his things, has that share of rebellion that Lorenzo needs to break the strict molds in his head and to let his most repressed instincts and passions flow. Home life becomes chaotic but vital and engaging. Caíto is much more than a troublesome boy: he is someone who forces Lorenzo's parents to reopen a dark chapter of their past that they would rather not remember.
Title: Population 436 | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A census-taker is sent to investigate why a certain small town has had the same population -- 436 residents -- for the last 100 years.
Title: Ronia, The Robber's Daughter | Genres: adventure, drama, fantasy, family | Overview: Ronya lives happily in her father's castle until she comes across a new playmate, Birk, in the nearby dark forest. The two explore the wilderness, braving dangerous Witchbirds and Rump-Gnomes. But when their families find out Birk and Ronja have been playing together, they forbid them to see each other again. Indeed, their fathers are competing robber chieftains and bitter enemies. Now the two spunky children must try to tear down the barriers that have kept their families apart for so long.
Title: One Piece Episode of Merry: The Tale of One More Friend | Genres: action, animation, adventure, comedy, drama, family, fantasy | Overview: On a test-run of the Mini Merry, Usopp tells Brook the story of the Going Merry, a ship that served the crew well. However, to the Straw Hats, the Going Merry was not just a ship: It was a priceless, irreplaceable friend. *Scenes have been recreated with brand-new animation.
Title: Sideways | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Two middle-aged men embark on a spiritual journey through Californian wine country. One is an unpublished novelist suffering from depression, and the other is only days away from walking down the aisle.
Title: Legend of the Red Dragon | Genres: action, comedy, adventure | Overview: A young father and his infant son are beset by forces of evil and corruption. They wander China, upholding their sense of honor and protecting the weak. When they are forced into combat, spectacular and hilarious fast-motion kung fu sequences follow. In the end, they must call on all of their abilities in a battle royale, to attempt to vanquish a supernatural man-monster or die trying.
Title: Death Sentence | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Nick Hume is a mild-mannered executive with a perfect life, until one gruesome night he witnesses something that changes him forever. Transformed by grief, Hume eventually comes to the disturbing conclusion that no length is too great when protecting his family.
Title: Get Him to the Greek | Genres: comedy, adventure, music | Overview: Pinnacle records has the perfect plan to get their sinking company back on track: a comeback concert in LA featuring Aldous Snow, a fading rockstar who has dropped off the radar in recent years. Record company intern Aaron Green is faced with the monumental task of bringing his idol, out of control rock star Aldous Snow, back to LA for his comeback show.
Title: My Father the Hero | Genres: comedy, family, romance | Overview: A teenage girl on vacation in the Bahamas with her divorced father tries to impress a potential boyfriend by saying that her father is actually her lover. Remake of the 1991 French film Mon père, ce héros.
Title: Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man | Genres: horror | Overview: Grave robbers open the grave of the wolf man and awaken him. He doesn't like the idea of being immortal and killing people when the moon is full so tries to find Dr. Frankenstein, in the hopes that the doctor can cure him. Dr. Frankenstein has died; however, his monster is found.
Title: All the Boys Love Mandy Lane | Genres: horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: Beautiful Mandy Lane isn't a party girl but, when classmate Chloe invites the Texas high school student to a bash in the countryside, she reluctantly accepts. After hitching a ride with a vaguely scary older man, the teens arrive at their destination. Partying ensues, and Mandy's close pal, Emmet, keeps a watchful eye on the young males making a play for Mandy. Then two of the students are murdered.
Title: Cop Car | Genres: thriller | Overview: Two kids find themselves in the centre of a deadly game of cat and mouse after taking a sheriff's cruiser for a joy ride.
Title: Moscow Does Not Believe in Tears | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: This is a life story of three girlfriends from youth to autumn ages. Their dreams and wishes, love, disillusions...
Title: Once Bitten | Genres: comedy, horror, romance | Overview: Mark wants to lose his virginity, but his girlfriend wants to wait. Unfortunately for both of them, a 400-year-old vampire Countess needs to turn a virgin into a vampire before Halloween in order to preserve her own youthful appearance, and when she finds Mark, she turns his life upside-down.
Title: Escape to Victory | Genres: drama, war | Overview: A group of POWs in a German prison camp during World War II play the German National Soccer Team in this powerful film depicting the role of prisoners during wartime.
Title: How to Be Really Bad | Genres: comedy | Overview: The life of 14-year-old Lilith is similar to that of a normal teenager, but there is a peculiarity: she is the daughter of the devil and lives with him in hell. Because she is totally bored there and also wants to have fun and explore the world, she makes a pact with her father: she is allowed to go to earth for a week - but she has to convert a good person to evil there. If she succeeds in this challenge, she may stay on earth forever, otherwise she'll be waving a hell of a boring job in the bookkeeping of the underworld.
Title: Sube y Baja | Genres: comedy | Overview: It is the story of a sportsman who is a little bit dumber than most people but nevertheless he succeeds in getting a job at a sports article saler's. Having this job is the beginning of a lot of funny problems he causes due to his dumbness.
Title: Wild Mountain Thyme | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Headstrong farmer Rosemary Muldoon has her heart set on winning her neighbour Anthony Reilly's love. The problem is, Anthony seems to have inherited a family curse, and remains oblivious to his beautiful admirer. Stung by his father's plans to sell the family farm to his American nephew, Anthony is jolted into pursuing his dreams.
Title: Taxidermia | Genres: drama, horror, comedy | Overview: Three generations of men, including a pervert that constantly seeks for new kinds of satisfaction, an obese speed eater and a passionate embalmer.
Title: Val | Genres: documentary | Overview: For over 40 years Val Kilmer, one of Hollywood’s most mercurial and/or misunderstood actors has been documenting his own life and craft through film and video. He has amassed thousands of hours of footage, from 16mm home movies made with his brothers, to time spent in iconic roles for blockbuster movies like Top Gun, The Doors, Tombstone, and Batman Forever. This raw, wildly original and unflinching documentary reveals a life lived to extremes and a heart-filled, sometimes hilarious look at what it means to be an artist and a complex man.
Title: Feast of Love | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: A meditation on love and its various incarnations, set within a community of friends in Oregon. It is described as an exploration of the magical, mysterious and sometimes painful incarnations of love.
Title: Live Flesh | Genres: drama, thriller, romance | Overview: A scorned ex-convict forces himself into the lives of the couple who put him behind bars.
Title: Room on the Broom | Genres: family, animation | Overview: Animated film based on the wonderful children's picture book written by Julia Donaldson and illustrated by Axel Scheffler. The story of a kind witch who invites a surprising collection of animals to join her on her broom, much to the frustration of her cat. The gang ultimately saves the witch from a fearsome dragon, and in gratitude she rewards them with a magnificent new broom which has room for everyone. A magical tale about friendship and family from Magic Light Pictures, the producers of the hugely successful The Gruffalo and The Gruffalo's Child.
Title: The Postman | Genres: science fiction, adventure, action, war | Overview: In 2013 there are no highways, no I-ways, no dreams of a better tomorrow, only scattered survivors across what was once the Unites States. Into this apocalyptic wasteland comes an enigmatic drifter with a mule, a knack for Shakespeare and something yet undiscovered: the power to inspire hope.
Title: My Friend's Mom | Genres: romance | Overview: After her mother dies, Young-jae visits her older sister's house, who took care of herself like her, and reunites with her sister, Soon-ae. She is incredibly greedy and charming. With the provocation of Soon-ae, the two develop into a secret relationship. One day when she was having a hot night with her mature lead, her daughter got stuck between the two ... A young and sexy daughter, a seasoned and mature mother, and a man wandering between mother and daughter. An unprecedented triangular romance between the three begins.
"Title: American Ninja 3: Blood Hunt | Genres: action, adventure, drama | Overview: Jackson is back, and now he has a new partner, karate champion Sean, as they must face a deadly terrorist known as ""The Cobra"", who has infected Sean with a virus. Sean and Jackson have no choice but to fight the Cobra and his bands of ninjas."
Title: Futureworld | Genres: action, adventure, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Two years after the Westworld tragedy in the Delos amusement park, the corporate owners have reopened the park following over $1 billion in safety and other improvements. For publicity purposes, reporters Chuck Browning and Tracy Ballard are invited to review the park. Just prior to arriving at the park, however, Browning is given a clue by a dying man that something is amiss.
Title: Elvis & Nixon | Genres: drama, comedy, history | Overview: In 1970, a few days before Christmas, Elvis Presley showed up on the White House lawn seeking to be deputized into the Bureau of Narcotics and Dangerous Drugs by the President himself.
Title: The Incredible Hulk Returns | Genres: action, drama, adventure, tv movie | Overview: Dr. David Banner meets a former student, who has a magical hammer that summons Thor, a Norse god who is prevented from entering Valhalla. When the two superheroes stop feuding long enough to breathe, they are a team unmatched by any of their enemies.
Title: Southbound | Genres: fantasy, thriller, horror, science fiction | Overview: The film contains five stories set on desolate stretches of a desert highway. Two men on the run from their past, a band on its way to a gig, a man struggling to get home, a brother in search of his long-lost sister and a family on vacation are forced to confront their worst fears and darkest secrets in these interwoven tales.
Title: Inside Job | Genres: documentary | Overview: A film that exposes the shocking truth behind the economic crisis of 2008. The global financial meltdown, at a cost of over $20 trillion, resulted in millions of people losing their homes and jobs. Through extensive research and interviews with major financial insiders, politicians and journalists, Inside Job traces the rise of a rogue industry and unveils the corrosive relationships which have corrupted politics, regulation and academia.
Title: Victor Crowley | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: Ten years after the events of the original movie, Victor Crowley is mistakenly resurrected and proceeds to kill once more.
Title: King Cobra | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: When a lonely suburban man turned gay porn producer discovers a hot, lucrative new star, he finds himself the target of rival pornographers who will stop at nothing to steal his money maker.
Title: The Big Sleep | Genres: crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: Private Investigator Philip Marlowe is hired by wealthy General Sternwood regarding a matter involving his youngest daughter Carmen. Before the complex case is over, Marlowe sees murder, blackmail, deception, and what might be love.
Title: Detective Conan: The Phantom of Baker Street | Genres: animation, adventure, mystery | Overview: Noah's Ark—the latest in VR technology and a milestone of human innovation—is set for a showcase to Japan's privileged children. They have the honour of beginning a new revolution in gaming; however, their carefree fun is cut short when a company employee is found murdered, with his dying message pointing to a clue hidden within the Ark. Along with the Detective Boys and Ran Mouri, Conan Edogawa enters Noah's Ark to solve this mystery and ensure the perpetrator is caught. But once they're inside the Ark, it takes on a mind of its own, imprisoning them and the children within its worlds. To escape and bring the murderer to justice, Conan and company must navigate a simulated 19th century London and track down the infamous Jack the Ripper—with the lives of 50 innocent children depending on them.
Title: King of Thieves | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: London, England, April 2015. Brian Reader, a retired thief, gathers an unlikely gang of burglars to perpetrate the biggest and boldest heist in British history. The thieves assault the Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Company and escape with millions in goods and money. But soon the cracks between the gang members begin to appear when they discuss how to share the loot.
Title: Twin Sitters | Genres: comedy, family, thriller | Overview: An evil business executive (played by George Lazenby), is releasing dangerous toxins and the Barbarian Brothers set out to stop his evil work.
Title: Sinbad and the Eye of the Tiger | Genres: action, adventure, family, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Princess Farah refuses to marry Sinbad until Prince Kassim, her brother, is able to give his consent. However, the Prince's wicked stepmother, Queen Zenobia, has changed Kassim into a baboon in order to have her own son crowned as caliph. Sinbad, his crew, the Princess and the transformed Prince travel to a distant land, fighting every obstacle Zenobia places in their path, to seek the advice of a legendary wise man who can possibly tell how to end the spell.
Title: Drop Zone | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A team of skydiving crooks led by rogue DEA agent Ty Moncrief specialize in landing on police roofs and breaking in so they can steal undercover agents' files and sell them to drug lords. Federal Marshal Pete Nessip lost a brother to this crew and learns skydiving with the help of the tough instructor Jessie Crossmann so he can track them down.
Title: Hammer of the Gods | Genres: history, action, adventure | Overview: Action epic sees a passionate young man transform into a brutal warrior as he travels the unforgiving landscape in search of his long lost brother Hakan The Ferrocious, whose people are relying on him to restore order to their kingdom.
Title: Daniel Isn't Real | Genres: horror, mystery | Overview: A troubled college freshman, Luke, suffers a violent family trauma and resurrects his childhood imaginary friend Daniel to help him cope.
Title: The Punisher: Dirty Laundry | Genres: drama, action, thriller | Overview: In a bad neighborhood, on his way to a laundromat to do his laundry, Frank Castle witnesses a ruthless street gang harassing several people.
Title: Pippi Longstocking | Genres: adventure, family | Overview: Pippi Longstocking, a super-strong redheaded little girl, moves into her father's cottage Villa Villekulla, and has adventures with her next-door neighbors Tommy and Annika in this compilation film of the classic Swedish TV series.
Title: Assassination Classroom the Movie: 365 Days' Time | Genres: action, animation, comedy | Overview: A compilation film of the Ansatsu Kyoushitsu TV series, featuring anime-only epilogue scenes not originally in the manga.
Title: Guernica | Genres: drama, war, romance | Overview: The fates of Henry - an American correspondent - and Teresa, one of the Republic's censors during the Spanish Civil War.
Title: Jack Hunter and the Quest for Akhenaten's Tomb | Genres: adventure | Overview: Adventurer Jack Hunter sets off in pursuit of a legendary tomb, meeting dangerous old adversaries, and even more dangerous old flames, along the way.
Title: Valentine | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Five friends are stalked by a masked murderer while preparing for Valentine's Day.
Title: Fame | Genres: music, comedy, drama, romance | Overview: An updated version of the 1980 musical, which centered on the students of the New York Academy of Performing Arts.
Title: Feast II: Sloppy Seconds | Genres: action, comedy, horror, thriller | Overview: The monsters have made it into a small neighboring town in the middle of nowhere and the locals have to band with the survivors of the bar' slaughter to figure out how to survive.
Title: Planes, Trains and Automobiles | Genres: comedy | Overview: An irritable marketing executive, Neal Page, is heading home to Chicago for Thanksgiving when a number of delays force him to travel with a well meaning but overbearing shower ring curtain salesman, Del Griffith.
Title: Underdog Kids | Genres: family, action | Overview: Inner city kids from a poor neighborhood go up against the undefeated Beverly Hills Junior National Karate Team.
Title: Alice in Wonderland | Genres: adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: In Victorian England, a bored young girl dreams that she has entered a fantasy world called Wonderland populated by even more fantastic characters.
Title: Baby Boy | Genres: crime, drama, romance, thriller | Overview: The story of Jody, a misguided, 20-year-old African-American who is really just a baby boy finally forced-kicking and screaming to face the commitments of real life. Streetwise and jobless, he has not only fathered two children by two different women-Yvette and Peanut but still lives with his own mother. He can't seem to strike a balance or find direction in his chaotic life.
Title: The Gods Must Be Funny in China | Genres: comedy | Overview: In the early 1990s, Nǃxau was cast in three low-budget unofficial sequels that continued the fish-out-of-water aspects of the first two films.
Title: Can't Buy Me Love | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: Nerdy high schooler Ronald Miller rescues cheerleader Cindy Mancini from parental punishment after she accidentally destroys her mother's designer clothes. Ronald agrees to pay for the $1,000 outfit on one condition: that she will act as though they're a couple for an entire month. As the days pass, however, Cindy grows fond of Ronald, making him popular. But when Ronald's former best friend gets left behind, he realizes that social success isn't everything.
Title: Billionaire Boys Club | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A group of wealthy boys in Los Angeles during the early 1980s establishes a get rich quick scam that turns deadly.
Title: Teeth | Genres: comedy, horror | Overview: Dawn is an active member of her high-school chastity club but, when she meets Tobey, nature takes its course, and the pair answer the call. They suddenly learn she is a living example of the vagina dentata myth, when the encounter takes a grisly turn.
Title: The Assistant | Genres: drama | Overview: A searing look at a day in the life of an assistant to a powerful executive. As Jane follows her daily routine, she grows increasingly aware of the insidious abuse that threatens every aspect of her position.
"Title: Three Little Pigs | Genres: music, animation, comedy, family | Overview: The two pigs building houses of hay and sticks scoff at their brother, building the brick house. But when the wolf comes around and blows their houses down (after trickery like dressing as a foundling sheep fails), they run to their brother's house. And throughout, they sing the classic song, ""Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?""."
Title: Kidnapped | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Three hooded Eastern-European criminals burst into a home in a Madrid gated community, holding the family hostage in its own home, and forcing the father to empty his credit cards. But the family fights back - brutally.
Title: A Dirty Shame | Genres: comedy | Overview: Sylvia Stickles runs a convenience store with her husband and mother-in-law. One day, Sylvia is hit on the head and transforms from an uptight prude to a sex-crazed lunatic. As she goes on a rampage through town, Sylvia attracts the attention of Ray Ray, a sexual healer and tow truck driver in search of the world's greatest orgasm. Their sexual revolution, however, causes a class war in their tiny Baltimore community.
Title: Persona 3 the Movie: #3 Falling Down | Genres: action, animation, fantasy | Overview: The season turns to autumn. The fight of the protagonist and his group S.E.E.S. with the strange monsters called ‘Shadows’ is getting closer to the end. Makoto and his allies engage in life-or-death battles with Shadows in order to end the Dark Hour. Through the battles, some must face the deaths of friends and family, some must notice what precious things must be protected, and some must find meaning in the battles that have occurred. In front of Makoto, the mysterious transfer student Ryouji Mochizuki appears. When the group greets a new morning, the gears of fate begin to turn. A fight revolving around each of the heroes' bonds begins...
Title: Rape Zombie: Lust of the Dead 2 | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: A strange virus turns 90% of the world population into Lust eating Zombies. However, in Akihabara, Japan, some males were found to be uninfected. These men team up with the Zombies to go after the flesh and blood of surviving young women to fill their lust. The women survivors must fight to survive in an apocalyptic Japan.
Title: Stranger by the Lake | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: Franck, a fit gay man, seeks love at a lakeside gay cruising beach. Among the mostly pudgy nude sunbathers, he befriends Henri, a depressed middle-aged bi-sexual who enjoys the quiet but accepts Franck's company. When Michel appears, Franck finally spots a man he'd like to know sexually. Unfortunately, he also spots him drowning his gay lover but opts not to tell anyone in order to consider having a relationship with this handsome yet remorseless killer.
Title: Cleanskin | Genres: drama, thriller, crime | Overview: While working undercover as a bodyguard to arms dealer Harry, former-soldier-turned-secret-service-agent Ewan survives a bloody shootout with a member of an Islamic terrorist cell who steals Harry's briefcase full of Semtex explosives and escapes. Ewan's spymasters task Ewan with hunting down the cell members and retrieving the briefcase.
Title: Audible | Genres: documentary | Overview: Football player Amaree McKenstry-Hall and his Maryland School for the Deaf teammates attempt to defend their winning streak while coming to terms with the tragic loss of a close friend.
"Title: A Rough Draft | Genres: fantasy, action | Overview: Young Muscovite Kirill is a talented designer of computer games. One day, he is completely erased from the memory of everyone he knew and loved. Kirill learns that he has been chosen for an important and mysterious mission: to become a customs officer between parallel worlds, of which there are dozens in the universe. Will Kirill unravel the mystery of these worlds and who controls them? And is our Earth really just an imaginary ""draft"" -- a parallel world -- which in reality does not exist ..."
Title: Minecraft: The Story of Mojang | Genres: documentary | Overview: Minecraft: The Story of Mojang is a feature-length documentary that follows the young company over the course of its first year as their profile expanded across the world stage and into the homes of millions of gamers. Featuring insights from industry icons (Peter Molyneux, Tim Schafer), journalists (Geoff Keighley, Stephen Totilo), tastemakers (Gabe & Tycho of Penny Arcade), and players profoundly impacted by the game (Yogscast, The Shaft, Minecraft Teacher), the film serves as a time capsule for one of this generation's most unorthodox success stories. Minecraft: The Story of Mojang is the second feature from game culture archivists 2 Player Productions (Reformat the Planet, Penny Arcade: The Series - Season 1, Double Fine Adventure!). Funded through crowdsourcing site Kickstarter.com, the production spanned nearly two years in locations across North America and Europe.
Title: Attack the Block | Genres: action, comedy, science fiction | Overview: A teen gang in a South London housing estate must team up with the other residents to protect their neighbourhood from a terrifying alien invasion.
Title: Weekend at Bernie's | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Two friends are invited for a weekend to a luxury island with their boss. The boss gets killed and nobody seems to notice, except for the two friends. In order not to become suspects of murder they treat the body as a puppet and make people believe he's still alive. The killer wants to do his job so when he is informed that the stiff is still alive he's got to shoot him again, and again, and again.
Title: White Palace | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Max Baron is a Jewish advertising executive in his 20s who's still getting over the death of his wife. Nora Baker is a 40-something diner waitress who enjoys the wilder side of life. Mismatched or not, their attraction is instant and smoldering. With time, however, their class and age differences become an obstacle in their relationship, especially since Max can't keep Nora a secret from his Jewish friends and upper-crust associates forever.
Title: Funny Girl | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: The story of the life of comedienne Fanny Brice, from her early days in the Jewish slums of the Lower East Side, to the height of her career with the Ziegfeld Follies, including her marriage to and eventual divorce from her second husband, Nick Arnstein.
Title: Lucky Luke | Genres: comedy, western, adventure | Overview: Fearless gunslinger, Lucky Luke, is ordered by the President to bring peace to Daisy Town.
Title: I Want You | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: A macho type man becomes entangled with an independent-minded girl.
Title: Arsenal | Genres: thriller | Overview: After the deadbeat brother of a businessman is assumed to be in on his own kidnapping, his sibling must take action to rescue him.
Title: See No Evil 2 | Genres: horror | Overview: A group of friends pays a late-night visit to the city morgue to surprise Amy on her birthday. But the surprise is on them when the one-eyed corpse of brutal psychopath Jacob Goodnight unexpectedly rises from a cold sub-basement slab, turning their wild party into a terrifying slay-fest.
Title: The Heiress | Genres: drama, history, romance | Overview: Dull and plain Catherine lives with her emotionally distant father, Dr. Sloper, in 1840s New York. Her days are empty -- filled with little more than needlepoint. Enter handsome Morris Townsend, a dashing social climber with his eye on the spinster's heart and substantial inheritance.
Title: Enforcement | Genres: action, crime, thriller | Overview: The exact details of what took place while Talib Ben Hassi was in police custody remain unclear. Police officers Jens and Mike are on routine patrol in Svalegården's ghetto when news of Talib's death comes in over the radio, igniting uncontrollable, pent-up rage in the ghetto's youth, who lust for revenge. Suddenly, the two officers find themselves fair game and must fight tooth and claw to find a way out.
Title: El encanto | Genres: drama | Overview: Bruno is thirty years old and has a girlfriend, Juliana, with whom he is about to celebrate a decade of love.He loves her, but feels that she no longer captivates him. She wants to be a mother. He doesn't know if he wants to take that step. He fears it could be a mistake, perhaps Juliana is not the woman of his life or perhaps it is too soon. To make matters worse, he is attracted to Lara, his new sexy and young employee. Further confused, Bruno only finds comfort in the company of his father and his old bass. This confusion pushes Bruno to reunite with an old love: music.
Title: Lottery Ticket | Genres: comedy | Overview: Kevin Carson is a young man living in the projects who has to survive a three-day weekend after his opportunistic neighbors find out he's holding a winning lottery ticket worth $370 million
Title: Half Past Dead | Genres: crime, action, thriller | Overview: A man goes undercover in a hi-tech prison to find out information to help prosecute those who killed his wife. While there, he stumbles onto a plot involving a death-row inmate and his $200 million stash of gold.
Title: The ABCs of Death | Genres: horror | Overview: An ambitious anthology film featuring segments directed by over two dozen of the world's leading talents in contemporary genre film. Inspired by children's educational ABC books, the film comprises 26 individual chapters, each helmed by a different director assigned a letter of the alphabet. The directors were then given free reign in choosing a word to create a story involving death.
Title: The Great Raid | Genres: action, history, war | Overview: As World War II rages, the elite Sixth Ranger Battalion is given a mission of heroic proportions: push 30 miles behind enemy lines and liberate over 500 American prisoners of war.
Title: Chickenhare and the Hamster of Darkness | Genres: adventure, animation, comedy, family, fantasy | Overview: Young Chickenhare is the adopted son of King Peter, a famous adventurer. Part chicken and part hare, he has a really tough time growing up and disguises himself as a hare to avoid the mockeries of his peers. When the day of the Royal Adventurer Society trials comes, Chickenhare, hampered by his disguise, fails miserably. But he is determined to grab a second chance and find the Scepter of the Hamster of Darkness, before his evil Uncle Lapin. The Scepter will give immense power to its holder. If Lapin gets hold of it, he will be unstoppable. Accompanied by his faithful servant Abe, a sarcastic turtle, and Meg, a martial arts expert skunk, he sets of on an epic and initiatory quest.
Title: Fireworks | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: Detective Nishi is relieved from a stakeout to visit his sick wife in hospital. He is informed that she is terminally ill, and is advised to take her home. During his visit, a suspect shoots one detective dead and leaves Nishi's partner, Horibe, paralyzed. Nishi leaves the police force to spend time with his wife at home, and must find a way to pay off his debts to the yakuza.
Title: iParty with Victorious | Genres: tv movie, comedy, family, music | Overview: Carly is enjoying life with her new boyfriend Steven Carson, a home-schooled boy with divorced parents who spends part of his life in Los Angeles. What she doesn't know is that while in Los Angeles, Steven has another girlfriend, a student at Hollywood Arts High School named Tori Vega. An internet search makes Carly's friends suspicious of her new beau, and sends them on an LA road trip to a party at the home of Kenan Thompson in an attempt to find out whether or not he's cheating on her.
Title: The Conquest of Siberia | Genres: history, action, drama | Overview: Ivan Demarin, a young officer of Peter the First’s new guards, follows the Tsar’s order and goes to the frontier town of Tobolsk, deep in the Siberian forest. There Ivan falls in love for the first time and he and his regiment happen to be involved in conspiracy of local princes who hunt for gold in the town of Yarkand. His fort is surrounded by hordes of wild Dzungars and there is no one to call for help…
Title: Herod's Law | Genres: comedy, crime, drama | Overview: Mexico, 1949. The fable of a janitor turned Mayor on a little town lost in the Mexican desert, who gradually realizes how far his new acquainted power and corruption can get him.
Title: The Valet | Genres: comedy | Overview: Caught by tabloid paparazzi with his mistress Elena, a famous and beautiful fashion model, billionaire Pierre Levasseur tries to avoid a divorce by inventing a preposterous lie. He uses the presence of a passerby in the photo to claim to his wife that it's not him Elena is seeing but the other man, one François Pignon. Pignon is a modest little man who works as a parking valet. To make the story convincing, Elena has to move in with Pignon.
Title: Glory Road | Genres: drama, history | Overview: In 1966, Texas Western coach Don Haskins led the first all-black starting line-up for a college basketball team to the NCAA national championship.
Title: The Stepfather | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Michael Harding returns home from military school to find his mother happily in love and living with her new boyfriend, David. As the two men get to know each other, Michael becomes more and more suspicious of the man who is always there with a helpful hand. Is he really the man of her dreams or could David be hiding a dark side?
Title: Cold Creek Manor | Genres: mystery, thriller | Overview: A family moves from New York into an old mansion in the countryside, still filled with the previous owner's things. As they begin to make it their own, a series of events begin to occur that makes them believe that the former inhabitants are not yet gone.
Title: Double Dragon | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: Two brothers have half of a powerful ancient Chinese talisman. An evil gang leader has the other half, and determines to get the brothers' half and have a complete medallion so he can gain absolute power.
Title: The Mimic | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A story of the Jangsan Tiger, who mimics human voices to lure them close, and a family affected by the creature.
Title: Lean On Me | Genres: drama | Overview: When principal Joe Clark takes over decaying Eastside High School, he's faced with students wearing gang colors and graffiti-covered walls. Determined to do anything he must to turn the school around, he expels suspected drug dealers, padlocks doors and demands effort and results from students, staff and parents. Autocratic to a fault, this real-life educator put it all on the line.
Title: Inland Empire | Genres: drama, horror, mystery, fantasy | Overview: An actress's perception of reality becomes increasingly distorted as she finds herself falling for her co-star in a remake of an unfinished Polish production that was supposedly cursed.
Title: Crown Vic | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: One memorable night in the life of veteran patrol officer Ray Mandel and his trainee, ambitious rookie cop Nick Holland in the LAPD's Olympic Division. With two cop killers on the loose and hunting for more targets, Mandel and Holland must contend with a city about to boil over, as well as Jack VanZandt, an unhinged rogue cop out for payback running wild in their patrol zone.
Title: Dog Days | Genres: romance, comedy, drama | Overview: A group of people in Los Angeles are brought together thanks to their canine friends.
Title: The Devil's Backbone | Genres: fantasy, drama, horror, thriller | Overview: Spain, 1939. In the last days of the Spanish Civil War, the young Carlos arrives at the Santa Lucía orphanage, where he will make friends and enemies as he follows the quiet footsteps of a mysterious presence eager for revenge.
Title: Buried Alive | Genres: tv movie, horror, thriller | Overview: A married woman and her lover plot to kill her husband to make off with the insurance money. However, their attempt to murder him using poisonous fish toxins backfires when he awakens inside his coffin and returns from the grave, hellbent on revenge.
Title: The Adventures of Rocky & Bullwinkle | Genres: family, adventure, animation, comedy, fantasy | Overview: Rocky and Bullwinkle have been living off the finances made from the reruns of their cartoon show. Boris and Natasha somehow manage to crossover into reality and team up with Fearless Leader, an evil criminal turned media mogul with some evil plans up his sleeve. Rocky and Bullwinkle must stop the three of them before they wreak havoc.
Title: Poetry | Genres: drama | Overview: Grandmother Mi Ja works part-time as a caretaker, and struggles to raise a teen grandson by herself. Despite her tough situation, she speaks softly, dresses fashionably, and approaches the world with child-like curiosity. Enrolling in a poetry class, she endeavors to capture life in verse form, but her simple dream of completing a poem is stalled by the early signs of Alzheimer's disease and the heavy financial and emotional burden of her grandson's shocking wrongdoing.
Title: Extreme Movie | Genres: comedy | Overview: A sketch comedy movie about the joys and embarrassments of teen sex. But mostly the embarrassments.
"Title: Get Over It | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: When Berke Landers, a popular high school basketball star, gets dumped by his life-long girlfriend, Allison, he soon begins to lose it. But with the help of his best friend Felix's sister Kelly, he follows his ex into the school's spring musical. Thus ensues a love triangle loosely based upon Shakespeare's ""A Midsummer Night's Dream"", where Berke is only to find himself getting over Allison and beginning to fall for Kelly."
Title: Boundin' | Genres: animation, family, music, comedy | Overview: On a high mountain plain lives a lamb with wool of such remarkable sheen that he breaks into high-steppin' dance. But there comes a day when he loses his lustrous coat and, along with it, his pride. It takes a wise jackalope - a horn-adorned rabbit - to teach the moping lamb that wooly or not, it's what's inside that'll help him rebound from life's troubles.
Title: Mystic Pizza | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Three teenage girls come of age while working at a pizza parlor in Mystic, Connecticut.
Title: Marquis de Sade: Justine | Genres: drama, horror | Overview: Without a family, penniless and separated from her sister, a beautiful chaste woman will have to cope with an endless parade of villains, perverts and degenerates who will claim not only her treasured virtue but also her life.
Title: Tales of Halloween | Genres: horror, thriller, drama | Overview: Ten stories from horror's top directors. Ghosts, ghouls, monsters, and the devil delight in terrorizing unsuspecting residents of a suburban neighborhood on Halloween night. This creepy anthology combines classic Halloween tales with the stuff of nightmares.
Title: It's Complicated | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Ten years after their divorce, Jane and Jake Adler unite for their son's college graduation and unexpectedly end up sleeping together. But Jake is married, and Jane is embarking on a new romance with her architect. Now, she has to sort out her life—just when she thought she had it all figured out.
Title: Up to You | Genres: romance | Overview: There is a man who has many sex slaves. Another man offers his wife as a sex slave to him and the slave owner agrees. He adds the man's wife to his stable. Alas, the husband comes to reverse his decision and takes his wife back. The reversal of the arrangement causes trauma.
Title: Accidental Love | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: A small town waitress gets a nail accidentally lodged in her head causing unpredictable behavior that leads her to Washington, DC. Sparks fly when she meets a clueless young senator who takes up her cause - but what happens when love interferes with what you stand for?
Title: The Little Bather | Genres: comedy | Overview: Louis-Philippe Fourchaume, another typical lead-role for French comedy superstar Louis de Funès, is the dictatorial CEO of a French company which designs and produces sail yachts, and fires in yet another tantrum his designer André Castagnier, not realizing that man is his only chance to land a vital contract with the Italian magnate Marcello Cacciaperotti. So he has to find him at his extremely rural birthplace in 'la France profonde', which proves a torturous odyssey for the spoiled rich man; when he does get there his torment is far from over: the country bumpkin refuses to resume his slavish position now the shoe is on the other foot, so Fourchaume is dragged along in the boorish family life, and at times unable to control his temper, which may cost him more credit then he painstakingly builds up...
Title: A Little Chaos | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A landscape gardener is hired by famous architect Le Nôtre to construct the grand gardens at the palace of Versailles. As the two work on the palace, they find themselves drawn to each other and are thrown into rivalries within the court of King Louis XIV.
Title: The Family Stone | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: An uptight, conservative businesswoman accompanies her boyfriend to his eccentric and outgoing family's annual Christmas celebration and finds that she's a fish out of water in their free-spirited way of life.
Title: The Rewrite | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: An Oscar-winning writer in a slump leaves Hollywood to teach screenwriting at a college on the East Coast, where he falls for a single mom taking classes there.
Title: Kiki, Love to Love | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Through five stories, the movie addresses sex and love: Paco and Ana are a marriage looking for reactivate the passion of their sexual relations, long time unsatisfied; Jose Luis tries to recover the affections of his wife Paloma, sit down on a wheelchair after an accident which has limited her mobility; Mª Candelaria and Antonio are a marriage trying by all way to be parents, but she has the trouble that no get an orgasm when make love with him; Álex try to satisfy Natalia's fantasies, while she starts to doubt if he finally will ask her in marriage; and finally, Sandra is a single woman in a permanent searching for a man to fall in love. All them love, fear, live and explore their diverse sexual paraphilias and the different sides of sexuality, trying to find the road to happiness.
Title: The Final Cut | Genres: drama, mystery, science fiction, thriller | Overview: Set in a world with memory implants, Alan Hakman is a 'cutter'—someone with the power of final edit over people's recorded histories—but his latest assignment puts him in great danger.
Title: Sommersby | Genres: drama, thriller, mystery, romance | Overview: Set in the south of the United States just after the Civil War, Laurel Sommersby is just managing to work the farm without her husband Jack, believed killed in the Civil War. By all accounts, Jack Sommersby was not a pleasant man, thus when he returns, Laurel has mixed emotions. It appears that Jack has changed a great deal, leading some people to believe that this is not actually Jack but an imposter. Laurel herself is unsure, but willing to take the man into her home, and perhaps later into her heart...
Title: The Soloist | Genres: drama, music | Overview: A Los Angeles journalist befriends a homeless Juilliard-trained musician, while looking for a new article for the paper.
Title: Prince of Darkness | Genres: horror | Overview: A research team finds a mysterious cylinder in a deserted church. If opened, it could mean the end of the world.
Title: Life Like | Genres: thriller, science fiction | Overview: An idealistic attractive young couple acquires a stunning, life-like robot for guilt free help, but as the three grow closer, their perception of humanity will be altered forever.
Title: Populaire | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Rose Pamphyle lives with her widowed father and is destined to marry a son of the local mechanic. When she travels out of town and applies for a secretarial job with an insurance agency run by Louis Échard, he learns that Rose can type with extraordinary speed - using only two fingers. He tells her to compete in a speed-typing competition if she wants the job.
Title: The Tortured | Genres: horror | Overview: An upper-middle-class couple's life is destroyed when their only child is kidnapped and killed. Obsessed with revenge, the couple seizes an opportunity to kidnap the killer.
Title: Latter Days | Genres: drama, comedy, romance | Overview: Christian, a hunky, 20-something, West Hollywood party boy gets more than he bargains for when he tries to seduce 19-year-old Elder Aaron Davis, a sexually confused Mormon missionary who moves into his apartment complex.
Title: Jade | Genres: thriller, mystery | Overview: Someone does a nasty hatchet job on a San Francisco big shot and the Assistant D.A. takes charge of the investigation. Through a web of blackmail and prostitution involving the Governor, an old lover of the law man emerges as a prime suspect and he has to deal with his personal feelings as well as the case.
Title: Let the Right One In | Genres: horror, drama | Overview: Set in 1982 in the suburb of Blackeberg, Stockholm, twelve-year-old Oskar is a lonely outsider, bullied at school by his classmates; at home, Oskar dreams of revenge against a trio of bullies. He befriends his twelve-year-old, next-door neighbor Eli, who only appears at night in the snow-covered playground outside their building.
Title: Blueberry | Genres: western | Overview: U.S Marshal Mike Donovan has dark memories of the death of his first love. He keeps peace between the Americans and the natives who had temporarily adopted and taken care of him. The evil actions of a white sorcerer lead him to confront the villain in the Sacred Mountains, and, through shamanic rituals conquer his fears and uncover a suppressed memory he would much rather deny.
Title: Nostalgia | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A Russian poet and his interpreter travel to Italy to research the life of an 18th-century composer.
Title: Hustle & Flow | Genres: music, drama | Overview: With help from his friends, a Memphis pimp in a mid-life crisis attempts to become a successful hip-hop emcee.
Title: Luce | Genres: thriller | Overview: A star athlete and top student, Luce's idealized image is challenged by one of his teachers when his unsettling views on political violence come to light, putting a strain on family bonds while igniting intense debates on race and identity.
Title: The Players | Genres: comedy | Overview: Eight short films explore the subject of male infidelity. Serial cheaters, Fred and Greg, spend a night on the town doing what they do best, and with absolutely no regrets. The duo play various characters in assorted extracurricular situations, ranging from sexist to the darker sides of carnal desires.
Title: Seven Days in May | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A U.S. Army colonel alerts the president of a planned military coup against him.
Title: Tin Toy | Genres: animation, family | Overview: Babies are hardly monster-like, unless you're a toy. After escaping a drooling baby, Tinny realizes that he wants to be played with after all. But in the amount of time it takes him to discover this, the baby's attention moves on to other things only an infant could find interesting.
Title: Go for It | Genres: adventure, action, comedy | Overview: After Mason picks up hitchhiking Rosco with his truck, they are mistaken for two bank robbers by the traffic police. They manage to escape only to be confused for two secret agents while trying to take a flight at the airport.
Title: Pooka! | Genres: horror, thriller, tv movie | Overview: A struggling actor gets a holiday season job as a Christmas character in a plush suit to promote the hottest toy of the year, Pooka; he slowly develops two personalities—one when he's in the suit and one that's outside it.
Title: Daddy Long Legs | Genres: drama, music, romance | Overview: Wealthy American, Jervis Pendleton has a chance encounter at a French orphanage with a cheerful 18-year-old residen, and anonymously pays for her education at a New England college. She writes letters to her mysterious benefactor regularly, but he never writes back. Several years later, he visits her at school, while still concealing his identity, and—despite their large age difference—they soon fall in love.
Title: Detective Conan: The Raven Chaser | Genres: animation, crime, mystery, thriller | Overview: A new member from the Black Organization that shrunk Shinichi's body manages to find out about Shinichi's transformation into Conan. This discovery starts to put those around him in danger as Gin and the other Black Organization members start to take action.
Title: Black Candles | Genres: horror | Overview: A young woman travels with her partner to England on the unexpected death of her brother. Staying with her sister-in-law, she finds her companion soon drawn into a satanic cult based in the house whose rites seem to centre somewhat on large-scale sexual congress.
Title: Tokyo Decadence | Genres: drama | Overview: A submissive hooker goes about her trade, suffering abuse at the hands of Japanese salarymen and Yakuza types. She's unhappy about her work, and is apparently trying to find some sort of appeasement for the fact that her lover has married.
Title: Celebrity | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: The career and personal life of writer Lee are at a standstill, so he divorces his bashful wife, Robin, and dives into a new job as an entertainment journalist. His assignments take him to the swankiest corners of Manhattan, but as he jumps from one lavish party to another and engages in numerous empty romances, he starts to doubt the worth of his work. Meanwhile, top TV producer Tony falls for Robin and introduces her to the world of celebrity.
Title: Dark Light | Genres: horror, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A woman returns to her family home and discovers it to be inhabited by monsters.
Title: The Gruffalo | Genres: animation, family | Overview: The magical tale of a mouse who sets foot on a woodland adventure in search of a nut. Encountering predators who all wish to eat him - Fox, Owl and Snake - the brave mouse creates a terrifying, imaginary monster to frighten them away. But what will the mouse do when he meets this frightful monster for real?
Title: Summer Days with Coo | Genres: animation, comedy, romance | Overview: A small, lone Kappa miraculously survives over 200 years into modern day Japan, when he is found by young Koichi. Coo, who is secretly adopted by Koichi's family, searches with his new human friend for unpopulated places in hopes of finding any remaining of his kind.
Title: Kung Fury | Genres: action, comedy, science fiction, fantasy | Overview: During an unfortunate series of events, a friend of Kung Fury is assassinated by the most dangerous kung fu master criminal of all time, Adolf Hitler, a.k.a Kung Führer. Kung Fury decides to travel back in time to Nazi Germany in order to kill Hitler and end the Nazi empire once and for all.
Title: Mosul | Genres: war, drama, action | Overview: When ISIS took their homes, families and city, one group of men fought to take it all back. Based on true events, this is the story of the Nineveh SWAT team, a renegade police unit who waged a guerrilla operation against ISIS in a desperate struggle to save their home city of Mosul.
Title: Tombstone of the Fireflies | Genres: drama, war | Overview: Set during World War II, the film follows a young brother and sister as they attempt to survive the aftermath of the firebombing of Kobe City.
Title: On a Magical Night | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: After 20 years of marriage, Maria decides to leave her husband. She moves into room 212 at the hotel across the street, with a bird’s-eye view of her apartment, her husband and the life she shared with him. While she wonders if she made the right decision, many of the people in her life offer their opinions on the matter. They intend to let her know, whether she likes it or not, on what proves to be a life-changing evening.
Title: Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie | Genres: comedy | Overview: Edina and Patsy are still oozing glitz and glamor, living the high life they are accustomed to; shopping, drinking and clubbing their way around London's trendiest hot-spots. Blamed for a major incident at an uber fashionable launch party, they become entangled in a media storm and are relentlessly pursued by the paparazzi. Fleeing penniless to the glamorous playground of the super-rich, the French Riviera, they hatch a plan to make their escape permanent and live the high life forever more!
Title: Maudie | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: Canadian folk artist Maud Lewis falls in love with a fishmonger while working for him as a live-in housekeeper.
Title: God, Sex and Truth | Genres: romance | Overview: 'God, Sex and Truth' delves into the world of sex where it digs out and projects the deepest dignity, divinity of the act and a women's true purpose of her sexuality.
Title: Stay | Genres: mystery, thriller, drama | Overview: Psychiatrist Sam Foster has a new patient, Henry Letham, who claims to be suicidal. In trying to diagnose him, Sam visits Henry's prior therapist and also finds Henry's mother -- even though Henry has said that he murdered both of his parents. As reality starts to contradict fact, Sam spirals into an unstable mental state. Then he finds a clue as to how and when Henry may try to kill himself, and races to try to stop him.
Title: Krabat | Genres: action, fantasy, horror | Overview: A 14-year-old orphan named Krabat flees the horrors of the 30 Years War by becoming an apprentice to an ominous master of a mysterious mill. Krabat is not only taught the craft of milling, but is also instructed in the sinister world of the darker arts. When the life of his friend and protector is threatened, Krabat must struggle to free himself from an evil sorcerer's control in a gripping fight for freedom, friendship and love.
Title: Crayon Shin-chan: Action Mask vs. Leotard Devil | Genres: animation | Overview: Everyone's favorite TV superhero Action Mask shows up in Kasukabe, and he's trying to get something from Shin-chan -- but what could it be?
Title: A Moment of Romance | Genres: drama, romance, action, crime | Overview: During a bank heist, getaway driver Wah takes a young woman Jo Jo hostage. After preventing his accomplices from killing her, they begin a forbidden relationship that causes mayhem and chaos for their friends and family.
"Title: The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas | Genres: comedy | Overview: The town sheriff and a madame team up to stop a television evangelist from shutting down the local whorehouse, the famed ""Chicken Ranch."""
Title: Stratton | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: A British Special Boat Service commando tracks down an international terrorist cell.
Title: This Is It | Genres: music, documentary | Overview: A compilation of interviews, rehearsals and backstage footage of Michael Jackson as he prepared for his series of sold-out shows in London.
Title: Katyn | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: On September 1st, 1939, Nazi Germany invades Poland, unleashing World War II. On September 17th, the Soviet Red Army crosses the border. The Polish army, unable to fight on two fronts, is defeated. Thousands of Polish men, both military and government officials, are captured by the invaders. Their fate will only be known several years later.
Title: Penny Dreadful | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Young Penny goes on a retreat with her psychologist; the intention is to help her overcome her phobia, an intense fear of cars. Unexpected events find her in a nightmarish situation where her worst fears come true.
Title: Michel Vaillant | Genres: action, drama | Overview: Michel Vaillant is # 1 of pilots, undisputed champion in rallying in all circuits in the world. His success arouses admiration and envy. Ruth Wong, director of Team Leader, is determined to break his streak and avenge the memory of his father, founder of Leader. She is capable of anything to achieve her goal.
"Title: The Man Who Would Be King | Genres: adventure, drama | Overview: A robust adventure about two British adventurers who take over primitive Kafiristan as ""godlike"" rulers, meeting a tragic end through their desire for a native girl. Based on a short story by Rudyard Kipling."
Title: Faust | Genres: drama, fantasy, horror | Overview: God and Satan war over earth; to settle things, they wager on the soul of Faust, a learned and prayerful alchemist.
Title: Ali G Indahouse | Genres: comedy | Overview: Ali G unwittingly becomes a pawn in the evil Chancellor's plot to overthrow the Prime Minister of Great Britain. However, instead of bringing the Prime Minister down, Ali is embraced by the nation as the voice of youth and 'realness', making the Prime Minister and his government more popular than ever.
Title: Saints and Soldiers: Airborne Creed | Genres: war, drama, action | Overview: On August 15, 1944 the 517th Parachute Regimental Combat Team (PRCT) jumped over the south of France. Their mission was to support and protect the Allied Troops marching to Berlin. Landing in enemy territory, they fell under immediate attack. In their effort to complete the mission and rendez-vous with their unit, three isolated paratroopers come across a group of French resistants in desperate need. They decide to help liberate some of the captive Partisans. Doing so they will risk their lives.
Title: Clouds of Sils Maria | Genres: drama | Overview: A veteran actress comes face-to-face with an uncomfortable reflection of herself when she agrees to take part in a revival of the play that launched her career 20 years earlier.
Title: Iceman | Genres: science fiction | Overview: A team of Arctic researchers find a 40,000 year-old man frozen in ice and bring him back to life. Anthropologist Dr. Stanley Shephard wants to befriend the Iceman and learn about the man's past while Dr. Diane Brady and her surgical team want to discover the secret that will allow man to live in a frozen state.
Title: The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks | Genres: drama, tv movie | Overview: An African-American woman becomes an unwitting pioneer for medical breakthroughs when her cells are used to create the first immortal human cell line in the early 1950s.
Title: School Dance | Genres: comedy, music, drama | Overview: High schooler Jason has found his dream girl—the gorgeous Anastacia. There’s just one problem: she doesn’t know he exists. If he can win a spot on the school’s hottest dance crew, Jason might have a shot. But before he does, he’ll have to overcome his battle-ax of a mother, survive Anastacia’s gangsta brother, and pass the crew’s initiation—in this fresh, sexy, and outrageously funny comedy.
Title: Return of the Living Dead: Rave to the Grave | Genres: horror, comedy | Overview: A college student creates and sells a drug called 'Z' on campus which resurrects the living dead, who wreak havoc at a Halloween rave.
Title: Red Sun | Genres: western | Overview: In 1870, Japanese ambassador Sakaguchi and his entourage travel by train to Washington to deliver a valuable sword to the President of the United States, a gift from the Emperor of Japan. On board the same train are two robbers, Link and Gauche, ready to make their move…
Title: Romeo Is Bleeding | Genres: crime | Overview: A corrupt cop gets in over his head when he tries to assassinate a beautiful Russian hit-woman.
Title: Here Alone | Genres: horror, thriller, science fiction | Overview: A woman struggles to survive on her own in the wake of a mysterious epidemic, which has decimated society and forced her deep into the unforgiving wild.
"Title: Cutie Honey | Genres: action | Overview: When Honey's uncle gets kidnapped by the evil criminal gang known as ""Panther Claw,"" she must use her magical powers of transformation (fueled by love) to save him. Meanwhile the same crime group has been responsible for a number of other crime sprees across Tokyo. In the process, Honey teams up with the seemingly cold police woman Natsuko Aki and hot shot journalist Seiji Hayami as well as battle the four ""claws"" of the Panther Claw gang to save her uncle and the rest of the city."
Title: Night and the City | Genres: drama, thriller, crime, mystery | Overview: Londoner Harry Fabian is a second-rate con man looking for an angle. After years of putting up with Harry's schemes, his girlfriend, Mary, becomes fed up when he taps her for yet another loan. His latest ploy, promoting an aging Greek wrestler, goes awry when the wrestler dies and everyone points the finger at Harry.
Title: Ouija: Summoning (You Will Kill) | Genres: horror | Overview: Sara lived a seemingly normal life before she had a Ouija board experience that unleashed a dark spirit. The spirit wants Sara to relive it's tortured past, and compels her to commit murder towards one of her family members or loved ones. Sara resists these threats and tries to stand against the power but she's forced to either watch her loved ones die one after the other, or obey the spirit and kill only one of them herself, as the spirit had done to her own son, long before. Sara must kill only one, and face the regret and pain of committing murder, or watch everyone around her die.
Title: Dil To Pagal Hai | Genres: drama, romance, comedy | Overview: Rahul is a dancer and the director of a dance troupe. His best friend Nisha, who is a member of his troupe, is secretly in love with him. But he gets attracted to Pooja, who is engaged to Ajay.
"Title: Housesitter | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: After building his dream house, architect Newton Davis proposes marriage to his girlfriend, only to be summarily rejected. He seeks solace in a one-night stand with a waitress, never imagining that a woman he slept with once would end up posing as his wife. Gwen's ruse is so effective that by the time Newton learns of his ""marriage,"" the entire town feels like they know him."
Title: Jay and Silent Bob Reboot | Genres: comedy | Overview: Jay and Silent Bob embark on a cross-country mission to stop Hollywood from rebooting a film based on their comic book characters Bluntman and Chronic.
Title: Under the Tree | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: When Baldwin and Inga's next door neighbours complain that a tree in their backyard casts a shadow over their sundeck, what starts off as a typical spat between neighbours in the suburbs unexpectedly and violently spirals out of control.
Title: Gotti | Genres: crime, drama, history, thriller | Overview: John Gotti rises to the top of the New York underworld to become the boss of the Gambino crime family. His life takes a tumultuous turn as he faces tragedy, multiple trials and a prison sentence.
Title: Winx Club: The Mystery of the Abyss | Genres: family, fantasy, animation | Overview: The archenemies of the Winx Club, the Trix witches, team up with the evil nymph Politea and find out that, to defeat the fairies once and for all and become invincible, it takes very little: a Pearl hidden in the Deep of the Infinite Ocean! As small as powerful, the Pearl of the Depth gives enormous powers to those who possess it! For the Winx there is not a minute to waste: how will they stop the plans of their enemies before it's too late? Get ready: the most dangerous mission of the Winx is about to begin!
Title: The Island of Dr. Moreau | Genres: science fiction, adventure, horror, thriller | Overview: A ship-wrecked man floats ashore on an island in the Pacific Ocean. The island is inhabited by a scientist, Dr. Moreau, who in an experiment has turned beasts into human beings.
Title: 4Got10 | Genres: action | Overview: Brian Barnes (Johnny Messner) wakes up in the desert wounded and with no memory and no idea why he's surrounded by eight bodies, a van with four million in cash and a van full of cocaine. Brian is pursued by not only notorious drug lord Danny Perez (Danny Trejo) who desperately want his money back, and DEA Agent Rooker (Dolph Lundgren), but also a by the corrupt Sheriff Olson (Michael Pare) who will stop at nothing to get his hand on the new found fortune. On the run, Brian discovers the more he remembers the less he wants to know about who he really is.
Title: Evita | Genres: history, drama, music | Overview: The hit musical based on the life of Evita Duarte, a B-movie Argentinian actress who eventually became the wife of Argentinian president and dictator Juan Perón, and the most beloved and hated woman in Argentina.
"Title: Doraemon: Nobita's New Dinosaur | Genres: animation, adventure | Overview: Nobita accidentally found a fossil dinosaur egg mixed with rocks in the dinosaur fossil exhibition site that he had visited before. He returned it to its original state with the ""Time blanket"". After hatching, the egg hatches a new species of dinosaur that is not named in the Cosmic Encyclopedia and names them Kyu and Myu Although they want to take care of them secretly, there are dinosaurs in the city still discovered by residents; Nobita and his friends were forced to bring them back to the Cretaceous period 66 million years ago the dinosaurs time. Just the time of Dinosaurs Extinction."
Title: Trumbo | Genres: drama | Overview: The career of screenwriter Dalton Trumbo is halted by a witch hunt in the late 1940s when he defies the anti-communist HUAC committee and is blacklisted.
Title: Proof of Life | Genres: action, adventure, drama, romance, thriller | Overview: Alice hires a professional negotiator to obtain the release of her engineer husband, who has been kidnapped by anti-government guerrillas in South America.
Title: High Noon | Genres: western, thriller | Overview: Will Kane, the sheriff of a small town in New Mexico, learns a notorious outlaw he put in jail has been freed, and will be arriving on the noon train. Knowing the outlaw and his gang are coming to kill him, Kane is determined to stand his ground, so he attempts to gather a posse from among the local townspeople.
Title: Desperados | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: A panicked young woman and her two best friends fly to Mexico to delete a ranting email she sent to her new boyfriend. On arrival, they run into her former beau, who soon gets caught up in their frantic scheme.
Title: The Head Hunter | Genres: horror, fantasy | Overview: On the outskirts of a kingdom, a quiet but fierce medieval warrior protects the realm from monsters and the occult. His gruesome collection of heads is missing only one - the monster that killed his daughter years ago. Driven by a thirst for revenge, he travels wild expanses on horseback. When his second chance arrives, it’s in a way far more horrifying than he ever imagined.
Title: Coda | Genres: music, drama | Overview: A famous pianist at the twilight of his career meets a free-spirited music critic who soon becomes his rock as his mental state deteriorates.
Title: My Week With Marilyn | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: London, 1956. Genius actor and film director Laurence Olivier is about to begin the shooting of his upcoming movie, premiered in 1957 as The Prince and the Showgirl, starring Marilyn Monroe. Young Colin Clark, who dreams on having a career in movie business, manages to get a job on the set as third assistant director.
Title: The Hitcher | Genres: action, horror, crime, thriller | Overview: While driving through the New Mexico Desert during a rainy night, the college students Jim Halsey and his girlfriend Grace Andrews give a ride to the hitchhiker John Ryder. While in their car, the stranger proves to be a psychopath threatening the young couple with a knife, but Jim succeeds to throw him out of the car on the road. On the next morning, the young couple sees John in another car.
Title: Sorry to Bother You | Genres: fantasy, science fiction, comedy | Overview: In an alternate present-day version of Oakland, black telemarketer Cassius Green discovers a magical key to professional success – which propels him into a macabre universe.
Title: The Reef | Genres: drama, horror, thriller | Overview: A great white shark hunts the crew of a capsized sailboat along the Great Barrier Reef.
Title: The New King of Comedy | Genres: comedy | Overview: A young woman strives to pursue the actors' dream despite being an extra and stand-in.
Title: High☆Speed!: Free! Starting Days | Genres: animation, drama, comedy | Overview: A prequel to the 2013 Kyoto Animation series Free! which is an adaptation of light novel High☆Speed!
Title: All Roads Lead to Rome | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Maggie is an uptight, single mother and college writing teacher from New York City. In an effort to reconnect with her troubled teen daughter Summer, she decides to embark on a journey to a Tuscan village where she frequented in her younger days. Upon arrival, Maggie runs into Luca a handsome former lover who is still a bachelor and lives with his eighty-year-old mother Carmen. Summer (missing her “bad boy” boyfriend in NYC) and Carmen (secretly planning a wedding against Luca’s wishes to MARCELINO, her one true love in Rome) impulsively steal Luca’s car and race off to Rome. Maggie and Luca quickly pursue allowing the two mismatched couples to spend some time together and develop a new understanding of each other.
Title: Underground | Genres: comedy, drama, war | Overview: Black marketeers Marko and Blacky manufacture and sell weapons to the Communist resistance in WWII Belgrade, living the good life along the way. Marko's surreal duplicity propels him up the ranks of the Communist Party, and he eventually abandons Blacky and steals his girlfriend. After a lengthy stay in a below-ground shelter, the couple reemerges during the Yugoslavian Civil War of the 1990s as Marko realizes that the situation is ripe for exploitation.
Title: Bigger Fatter Liar | Genres: family, comedy, adventure | Overview: Kevin Shepard is a tech-savvy young genius who uses his intelligence to slack off. When greedy video game executive Alan Wolf gets a hold of his ideas for a video game, Kevin and his best friend Becca set off for San Francisco to make Wolf's life miserable through a series of pranks.
Title: Wolf Totem | Genres: adventure, drama | Overview: In 1969, a young Beijing student, Chen Zhen, is sent to live among the nomadic herdsmen of Inner Mongolia. Caught between the advance of civilization from the south and the nomads' traditional enemies - the marauding wolves - to the north; humans and animals, residents and invaders alike, struggle to find their true place in the world
Title: The Haunted World of El Superbeasto | Genres: animation, horror, action, comedy | Overview: The Haunted World of El Superbeasto is an animated comedy that also combines elements of a horror and thriller film. It is based upon the comic book series created by Rob Zombie that follows the character of El Superbeasto and his sexy sidekick sister, Suzi-X, voiced by Sheri Moon, as they confront an evil villain by the name of Dr. Satan.
Title: Table 19 | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Eloise, having been relieved of maid of honor duties after being unceremoniously dumped by the best man via text, decides to attend the wedding anyway – only to find herself seated with five fellow-unwanted guests at the dreaded Table 19.
Title: Air Bud: Seventh Inning Fetch | Genres: comedy, family | Overview: Josh is off to his first year of college and Buddy has stayed behind with Josh’s little sister Andrea and the rest of the family. Andrea, attempting to fit in with her Jr. High classmates, decides to join the baseball team and along the way discovers that Buddy is a talented baseball player.
"Title: Under Suspicion | Genres: thriller, crime, drama | Overview: A lawyer is asked to come to the police station to clear up a few loose ends in his witness report of a foul murder. ""This will only take ten minutes"", they say, but it turns out to be one loose end after another, and the ten minutes he is away from his speech become longer and longer."
Title: Asterix vs. Caesar | Genres: comedy, animation, family, adventure | Overview: Obelix falls for a new arrival in his home village in Gaul, but is heartbroken when her true love arrives to visit her. However, the lovers are kidnapped by Romans; Asterix and Obelix set out to rescue them on a dangerous journey that will involve gladiators, slavers and beauracracy - and a personal encounter with the Emperor himself, Julius Caesar...
Title: Vivre Sa Vie | Genres: drama | Overview: Twelve episodic tales in the life of a Parisian woman and her slow descent into prostitution.
Title: Marshland | Genres: thriller | Overview: The Spanish deep South, 1980. A series of brutal murders of adolescent girls in a remote and forgotten town bring together two disparate characters - both detectives in the homicide division - to investigate the cases. With deep divisions in their ideology, detectives Juan and Pedro must put aside their differences if they are to successfully hunt down a killer who for years has terrorized a community in the shadow of a general disregard for women rooted in a misogynistic past.
Title: Fatale | Genres: thriller | Overview: After a one-night stand, a successful married man finds himself entangled and tricked in a female detective's latest investigation murder scheme.
Title: Airheads | Genres: comedy, crime, music | Overview: The Lone Rangers have heavy-metal dreams and a single demo tape they can't get anyone to play. The solution: Hijack an AM rock station and hold the deejays hostage until they agree to broadcast the band's tape.
Title: The United States of Leland | Genres: crime, drama | Overview: A withdrawn young man, Leland Fitzgerald is imprisoned for the murder of a mentally disabled boy, who also happened to be the brother of his girlfriend, Becky. As the community struggles to deal with the killing, Pearl Madison, a teacher at the prison, decides to write about Leland's case. Meanwhile, others affected by the murder, including Becky and her sister, Julie, must contend with their own problems.
Title: Meru | Genres: adventure, documentary | Overview: Meru is the electrifying story of three elite American climbers—Conrad Anker, Jimmy Chin, and Renan Ozturk—bent on achieving the impossible.
Title: Return to House on Haunted Hill | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Eight years have passed since Sara Wolfe and Eddie Baker escaped the House on Haunted Hill. Now the kidnapped Ariel, Sara's sister, goes inside the house with a group of treasure hunters to find the statue of Baphomet, worth millions and believed to be the cause of the House's evil.
Title: Maggie Simpson in The Longest Daycare | Genres: animation, drama, family | Overview: In this Oscar-nominated short from The Simpsons, Maggie must navigate an eventful first day in daycare. At the Ayn Rand School for Tots, Maggie is diagnosed with average intelligence. Barred from the gifted children, she longs to escape from her glue-guzzling classmates. But when a lonely caterpillar befriends her, she makes it her mission to save it from a ruthless butterfly smashing toddler
Title: Frost/Nixon | Genres: drama, history | Overview: For three years after being forced from office, Nixon remained silent. But in summer 1977, the steely, cunning former commander-in-chief agreed to sit for one all-inclusive interview to confront the questions of his time in office and the Watergate scandal that ended his presidency. Nixon surprised everyone in selecting Frost as his televised confessor, intending to easily outfox the breezy British showman and secure a place in the hearts and minds of Americans. Likewise, Frost's team harboured doubts about their boss's ability to hold his own. But as the cameras rolled, a charged battle of wits resulted.
Title: Ted K | Genres: drama, crime, thriller | Overview: The True Story of Ted Kaczynski, the infamous Unabomber, who wants to destroy modern technology to create a world for himself in the Montana wilderness.
Title: A Lonely Place to Die | Genres: adventure, action, thriller, crime | Overview: A group of five mountaineers are hiking and climbing in the Scottish Highlands when they discover a young Serbian girl buried in a small chamber in the wilderness. They become caught up in a terrifying game of cat and mouse with the kidnappers as they try to get the girl to safety.
Title: Winter in Wartime | Genres: drama, history, war | Overview: During World War II in the freezing winter of 1944-45 the western Netherlands are in the grip of a famine. Many people move east to provide for their families. Fourteen year old Michiel can't wait to join the Dutch resistance, to the dismay of his father, who, as mayor, works to prevent escalations in the village.
Title: Black '47 | Genres: drama, western | Overview: In 1847, when Ireland is in the grip of the Great Famine that has ravaged the country for two long years, Feeney, a hardened Irish Ranger who has been fighting for the British Army abroad, returns home to reunite with his estranged family, only to discover the cruelest reality, a black land where death reigns.
Title: Night of the Demons | Genres: horror | Overview: While conducting a seance during a Halloween party, high-school seniors unlock the demon that remains locked in the crematorium.
Title: American Graffiti | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A couple of high school graduates spend one final night cruising the strip with their buddies before they go off to college.
Title: An Affair | Genres: drama | Overview: A newly appointed teacher finds herself being followed, and soon discovers that one of her own students is obsessed with her.
Title: Sexy Movie | Genres: comedy | Overview: A guy wanting a Hollywood career decides to make a porn film in the meantime.
Title: The Blackcoat's Daughter | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Two young students at a prestigious prep school for girls are assailed by an evil, invisible power when they are stranded at the school over winter break.
Title: XOXO | Genres: music, drama | Overview: XOXO follows six strangers whose lives collide in one frenetic, dream-chasing, hopelessly romantic night.
Title: Saving Grace | Genres: crime, comedy | Overview: Unexpectedly widowed, prim and proper housewife Grace Trevethyn finds herself in dire financial straits when she inherits massive debts her late husband had been accruing for years. Faced with losing her house, she decides to use her talent for horticulture and hatches a plan to grow potent marijuana which can be sold at an astronomical price, thus solving her financial crisis.
Title: Dad's Army | Genres: comedy | Overview: A cinema remake of the classic sitcom Dad's Army (1968). The Walmington-on-Sea Home Guard platoon deal with a visiting female journalist and a German spy as World War II draws to its conclusion.
Title: Dead Man Down | Genres: thriller, action, crime, drama | Overview: In New York City, a crime lord's right-hand man is seduced by a woman seeking retribution.
Title: Tarzan the Ape Man | Genres: action, adventure | Overview: James Parker and Harry Holt are on an expedition in Africa in search of the elephant burial grounds that will provide enough ivory to make them rich. Parker's beautiful daughter Jane arrives unexpectedly to join them. Jane is terrified when Tarzan and his ape friends abduct her, but when she returns to her father's expedition she has second thoughts about leaving Tarzan.
Title: High School of the Dead: Drifters of the Dead | Genres: comedy, animation, adventure, horror | Overview: In their efforts to find a safe haven from the zombie apocalypse, the gang find themselves on a deserted island. Now, they take advantage of the momentary respite to enjoy some surf, sand and bathing suits!
"Title: Warriors of the Rainbow: Seediq Bale - Part 2: The Rainbow Bridge | Genres: action, drama, history | Overview: After the uprising at Wushe, Mona Rudao faces a guerrilla war against the militarily superior Japanese and Seediq clans. He and his followers must fight for their dignity and honor so that they can truly be ""Seediq Bale"" or ""real men."" Warriors of the Rainbow: Seediq Bale - Part 2: The Rainbow Bridge is Part two of the two-part, four-hour Taiwanese edition of the film Warriors of the Rainbow."
Title: Suburban Girl | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Publishing assistant Brett Eisenberg wants to be a big-time editor. However, she lacks self-confidence, a problem that isn't helped by her new, overbearing boss. Brett soon enters into a relationship with Archie, an older man who has plenty of his own issues, including alcoholism, diabetes and a difficult relationship with his daughter. Intent on helping Archie get past his problems, she turns to her dying father for advice.
Title: Finding Forrester | Genres: drama | Overview: Gus Van Sant tells the story of a young African American man named Jamal who confronts his talents while living on the streets of the Bronx. He accidentally runs into an old writer named Forrester who discovers his passion for writing. With help from his new mentor Jamal receives a scholarship to a private school.
Title: Starred Up | Genres: drama | Overview: 19-year-old Eric, arrogant and ultra-violent, is prematurely transferred to the same adult prison facility as his estranged father. As his explosive temper quickly finds him enemies in both prison authorities and fellow inmates — and his already volatile relationship with his father is pushed past breaking point — Eric is approached by a volunteer psychotherapist, who runs an anger management group for prisoners. Torn between gang politics, prison corruption, and a glimmer of something better, Eric finds himself in a fight for his own life, unsure if his own father is there to protect him or join in punishing him.
Title: Down | Genres: action, horror, mystery, thriller | Overview: After the elevators at a New York City skyscraper begin inexplicably malfunctioning, putting its passengers at risk, mechanic Mark Newman and reporter Jennifer Evans begin separate investigations. Newman gets resistance from superiors at his company, which manufactured the elevator, while additional elevator incidents cause several gruesome deaths. The police get involved and suspect that terrorists are responsible, but a far stranger explanation looms.
Title: Full Body Massage | Genres: drama, tv movie | Overview: Nina, an art dealer, has her weekly massage appointment and is surprised to find out her usual masseur, Douglas, has sent a replacement named Fitch. The pair develop an easy rapport during the session, with talk about past relationships. As Nina lies topless on the massage table, Fitch also takes time to explain various massage techniques, including those used by Hopi medicine men.
Title: Niko & the Way to the Stars | Genres: animation, family, adventure, drama, fantasy | Overview: A young reindeer who suffers from vertigo learns to overcome his fear, takes flying lessons from a clumsy flying squirrel and heads to the North pole to save a troubled Santa and his fleet of flying reindeer.
Title: Mr. Woodcock | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Taken aback by his mother's wedding announcement, a young man returns home in an effort to stop her from marrying his old high school gym teacher, a man who made high school hell for generations of students.
Title: Angelique | Genres: adventure, romance | Overview: The incredible destiny of Angélique: a beautiful girl who found in her love for Joffrey Peyrac the strength to fight injustice and submission in a century plagued by power struggles, inequality and the oppression.
Title: Vox Lux | Genres: drama, music | Overview: In 1999, teenage sisters Celeste and Eleanor survive a seismic, violent tragedy. The sisters compose and perform a song about their experience, making something lovely and cathartic out of a catastrophe - while also catapulting Celeste to stardom. By 2017, Celeste is a mother to a teenage daughter of her own and is struggling to navigate a career fraught with scandals when another act of terrifying violence demands her attention.
Title: Did You Hear About the Morgans? | Genres: comedy | Overview: In New York City, an estranged couple who witness a murder are relocated to small-town Wyoming as part of a witness-protection program.
Title: In & Out | Genres: comedy | Overview: A midwestern teacher questions his sexuality after a former student makes a comment about him at the Academy Awards.
Title: 1900 | Genres: drama, history | Overview: The epic tale of a class struggle in twentieth century Italy, as seen through the eyes of two childhood friends on opposing sides.
Title: Bagdad Cafe | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A surreal comedy depicting a diverse cast of characters and the changes they undergo as the German tourist Jasmin interacts with each of them at a remote truck stop in the middle of the Mojave desert.
Title: The Full Monty | Genres: comedy | Overview: Sheffield, England. Gaz, a jobless steelworker in need of quick cash persuades his mates to bare it all in a one-night-only strip show.
Title: Lost Horizon | Genres: adventure, fantasy, drama, mystery | Overview: British diplomat Robert Conway and a small group of civilians crash land in the Himalayas, and are rescued by the people of the mysterious, Eden-like valley of Shangri-la. Protected by the mountains from the world outside, where the clouds of World War II are gathering, Shangri-la provides a seductive escape for the world-weary Conway.
Title: Foolproof | Genres: action | Overview: Kevin, Sam and Rob have an unusual hobby: planning foolproof heists, without intending to actually perform them. The game goes wrong when their latest plan is stolen and carried out. Things get even worse when a mysterious man approaches them with an offer: plan a heist for him, or go to jail. As the clock ticks, they find that the risk might be higher than just their freedom.
Title: Bad Johnson | Genres: comedy, fantasy | Overview: Women are practically throwing themselves at Rich and he can’t seem to control himself. But he continually blames his penis, which seems to have a mind of its own. After ruining yet another promising relationship with Jamie, Rich has finally had enough and wishes his penis would just leave him alone. The next morning, Rich wakes up to find his wish has come true and his johnson is no longer on his body. Even worse, Rich is shocked to discover that his penis has taken human form...
Title: Tony Hawk: Until the Wheels Fall Off | Genres: documentary | Overview: A wide-ranging, definitive look at Hawk’s life and iconic career, and his relationship with the sport with which he’s been synonymous for decades, featuring unprecedented access, never-before-seen footage, and interviews with Hawk and prominent figures in the sport including Stacy Peralta, Rodney Mullen, Mike McGill, Lance Mountain, Steve Caballero, Neil Blender, Andy MacDonald, Duane Peters, Sean Mortimer, and Christian Hosoi.
Title: Worth | Genres: history, drama | Overview: Kenneth Feinberg, a powerful D.C. lawyer appointed Special Master of the 9/11 Fund, fights off the cynicism, bureaucracy, and politics associated with administering government funds and, in doing so, discovers what life is worth.
"Title: Team Thor: Part 2 | Genres: science fiction, comedy, fantasy | Overview: A continuation of the documentary spoof of what Thor and his roommate Darryl were up to during the events of ""Captain America: Civil War"". While Cap and Iron Man duke it out, Thor tries to pay Darryl his rent in Asgardian coins."
Title: Crossfire | Genres: drama, thriller, tv movie | Overview: When National Guard soldier Samantha Harrison returns from the front lines of Iraq, she realizes that none of her training helps her deal with PTSD or the struggles of returning to a normal life. Samantha comes home to find out she's being blamed for a friendly fire incident that killed two Americans and she becomes the target of an obsessed soldier seeking revenge for their deaths. She tries to reassemble her fragmented memories of that horrific night in order to convince everyone, including herself, that she didn't do it. Who do you turn to when you can't trust your own memories and the few people you do trust are being killed off one by one?
Title: Ashes in the Snow | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The coming-of-age tale of 16-year-old Lina Vilkas who is deported to Siberia amid Stalin's reign of terror in the Baltic region during WWII. An aspiring artist, she secretly documents her harrowing journey with her drawings.
Title: If Beale Street Could Talk | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: After her fiance is falsely imprisoned, a pregnant African-American woman sets out to clear his name and prove his innocence.
Title: Elizabeth Harvest | Genres: thriller, science fiction, mystery, horror | Overview: The newly married Elizabeth arrives with her new husband, the scientist Henry, at a magnificent house. He tells her that she can do there anything she pleases, except to enter a certain closed room.
Title: Lavender | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: A photographer struggling with memory loss discovers her pictures may indicate something sinister is hitting close to home.
Title: Crayon Shin-chan: Fierceness That Invites Storm! Me and the Space Princess | Genres: comedy, animation | Overview: The Noharas get abducted by aliens who claim that Shin-chan's baby sister is their princess! Will she stay on this planet or return to Kasukabe?
Title: For the Love of Spock | Genres: documentary | Overview: The life of Star Trek's Mr. Spock — as well as that of Leonard Nimoy, the actor who played Mr. Spock for almost fifty years —written and directed by his son, Adam.
Title: Doraemon: Nobita and the Haunts of Evil | Genres: family, animation, adventure, fantasy, science fiction | Overview: Nothing is impossible for Doraemon's magic pocket, much less when it comes to using their inventions to live the most amazing adventures. Is there a place where no man has gone before? The robot cat magic door leads to our friends at the center of Africa, just until Smokers Forest, a forest covered with a thick fog that prevents satellites take pictures. Nobita and his friends decide that if there is so much to discover, is certainly there.
Title: The Rescuers Down Under | Genres: animation, adventure, family, fantasy | Overview: A lawless poacher wants to capture a majestic and rare golden eagle, so he kidnaps the boy who knows where to find the bird. Not to worry -- the Rescue Aid Society's top agents, heroic mice Miss Bianca and Bernard, fly to Australia to save the day. Accompanying the fearless duo are bumbling albatross Wilbur and local field operative Jake the Kangaroo Rat.
"Title: Tart | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: A student will do anything to become part of the ""in-crowd"" at the exclusive school she attends in New York."
Title: Toxic Shark | Genres: horror, science fiction | Overview: A tropical singles retreat takes a terrifying turn when guests realize a poisonous shark is infesting the surrounding water. Not only will it rip apart its victims, but it also uses projectile acid to hunt - in and out of the water.
Title: Peggy Sue Got Married | Genres: comedy, drama, fantasy, romance | Overview: Peggy Sue faints at a high school reunion. When she wakes up she finds herself in her own past, just before she finished school.
Title: Laggies | Genres: comedy, romance, drama | Overview: Overeducated and underemployed, 28 year old Megan is in the throes of a quarterlife crisis. Squarely into adulthood with no career prospects, no particular motivation to think about her future and no one to relate to, Megan is comfortable lagging a few steps behind - while her friends check off milestones and celebrate their new grown-up status. When her high-school sweetheart proposes, Megan panics and- given an unexpected opportunity to escape for a week - hides out in the home of her new friend, 16-year old Annika and Annika's world-weary single dad Craig.
Title: Crayon Shin-chan: Honeymoon Hurricane ~The Lost Hiroshi~ | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: Hiroshi and Misae have never been to a honeymoon trip to a foreign country. One day, Misae discovered an inexpensive and family-friendly holiday package to Australia and the Nohara family decided to make it their first honeymoon vacation. Hiroshi gets kidnapped upon arrival to Australia, leaving Shinnosuke, Misae and others on a dangerous journey. It turns out that Hiroshi is the key to a secret treasure. The remaining members of the Nohara Family must rescue Hiroshi, while a mysterious masked man and treasure hunters from all over the world are after him. The struggle is among three different groups in this action-filled treasure hunting adventure.
Title: No One Lives | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: A gang of ruthless highway killers kidnap a wealthy couple traveling cross country only to shockingly discover that things are not what they seem.
Title: Maurice | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: After his lover rejects him, a young man trapped by the oppressiveness of Edwardian society tries to come to terms with and accept his sexuality.
Title: Hedgehog in the Fog | Genres: animation, adventure, mystery | Overview: A little hedgehog, on the way to visit his friend the bear, gets lost in thick fog, where horses, dogs and even falling leaves take on a terrifying new aspect...
Title: The Ark | Genres: animation, adventure, family | Overview: An animated comedy that recreates the misadventures of the passengers of the Ark built by Noah as per God’s request. It’s just that living together does not seem to come easy for the passengers on board.
Title: Another Woman | Genres: drama | Overview: Marion is a woman who has learned to shield herself from her emotions. She rents an apartment to work undisturbed on her new book, but by some acoustic anomaly she can hear all that is said in the next apartment in which a psychiatrist holds his office. When she hears a young woman tell that she finds it harder and harder to bear her life, Marion starts to reflect on her own life. After a series of events she comes to understand how her unemotional attitude towards the people around her affected them and herself.
Title: Something to Talk About | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: Grace Bichon, who is managing her father's riding-stable, discovers that her husband Eddie is deceiving her with another woman. After confronting him in the middle of the night on the streets of their small home town, she decides to stay at her sister Emma Rae's house for a while to make up her mind. Breaking out of her everyday life, she starts to question the authority of everyone.
Title: Monkey Business | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Research chemist Barnaby Fulton works on a fountain of youth pill for a chemical company. One of the labs chimps gets loose in the laboratory and mixes chemicals, but then pours the mix into the water cooler. When trying one of his own samples, washed down with water from the cooler, Fulton begins to act just like a twenty-year-old and believes his potion is working. Soon his wife and boss are also behaving like children.
Title: Buried Alive | Genres: action, adventure, horror, thriller | Overview: A college prank at an abandoned house accidentally awakens a frightening spirit.
Title: Lassie | Genres: family, adventure | Overview: An update of the Lassie legend stars Thomas Guiry as a troubled city kid whose family retreats to the country, where he befriends the famous collie and changes for the better. Conflict develops when a ruthless sheep rancher causes trouble for everyone.
Title: Class of 1984 | Genres: action, crime, drama, thriller | Overview: Andy is a new teacher at an inner city high school that is unlike any he has seen before. There are metal detectors at the front door and the place is basically run by a tough kid named Peter Stegman. Soon, Andy and Stegman become enemies and Stegman will stop at nothing to protect his turf and drug dealing business.
Title: Moebius | Genres: drama | Overview: A wife, overwhelmed with hatred for her husband, inflicts an unspeakable wound on their son, as the family heads towards horrific destruction.
Title: Manou the Swift | Genres: animation, adventure, family, comedy | Overview: The little swift Manou grows up believing he's a seagull. Learning to fly he finds out he never will be. Shocked, he runs away from home. He meets birds of his own species and finds out who he really is. When both seagulls and swifts face a dangerous threat, Manou becomes the hero of the day.
Title: Columbus | Genres: drama | Overview: When a renowned architecture scholar falls suddenly ill during a speaking tour, his son Jin finds himself stranded in Columbus, Indiana - a small Midwestern city celebrated for its many significant modernist buildings. Jin strikes up a friendship with Casey, a young architecture enthusiast who works at the local library.
Title: Freaks – You're One of Us | Genres: drama, fantasy, thriller | Overview: After having a chance encounter with a mysterious character, Wendy, a young working class mother, discovers that she has super powers.
Title: Kaiji: The Ultimate Gambler | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: Kaiji Ito moves to Japan after graduating from high school. Unable to find a job and frustrated with society at large, Kaiji spends his days gambling, vandalizing cars, and drinking booze. Two years later and his life is no better. A debt collector named Endo arrives to collect money owed. The debt collector offers two choices to Kaiji: spend 10 years paying off his loan or board a gambling boat for one night to repay his debt & possibly make a boat load of money. Could the debt collector Endo actually be setting up Kaiji? One way or another, for Kaiji it's going to be the night of his life.
Title: The Midnight Meat Train | Genres: horror, mystery, fantasy | Overview: A photographer's obsessive pursuit of dark subject matter leads him into the path of a serial killer who stalks late night commuters, ultimately butchering them in the most gruesome ways.
"Title: Breakfast on Pluto | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: In the 1970s, a foundling lass, Patrick ""Kitten"" Braden, comes of age by leaving her Irish town for London, in part to look for her mother and in part because her transgender nature is beyond the town's understanding."
Title: An Inconvenient Truth | Genres: documentary | Overview: A documentary on Al Gore's campaign to make the issue of global warming a recognized problem worldwide.
Title: The Lazarus Project | Genres: drama, thriller | Overview: After Ben Garvey foolishly turned back to crime, he thought his life was over when he was sentenced to death by lethal injection. But his death sentence isn't quite what it seems, as Ben regains consciousness near an eerie psychiatric ward, where he's told he's been hired as the groundskeeper. With the state of his soul in question, and the love for his wife and daughter all the more real and powerful, Ben must figure out if he's truly cheated death, or if he's become part of something far more sinister.
Title: The Libertine | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: The story of John Wilmot, a.k.a. the Earl of Rochester, a 17th century poet who famously drank and debauched his way to an early grave, only to earn posthumous critical acclaim for his life's work.
Title: Diamantino | Genres: comedy, science fiction, drama, fantasy | Overview: A disgraced soccer star seeks redemption but is exploited by a variety of causes hoping to capitalize on his celebrity.
Title: Naomi and Ely's No Kiss List | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: The bonds between Naomi and Ely are tested when they fall for the same guy.
Title: Haute Cuisine | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: The story of Danièle Delpeuch and how she was appointed as the private chef for François Mitterrand.
Title: Angela's Ashes | Genres: drama | Overview: Based on the best selling autobiography by Irish expat Frank McCourt, Angela's Ashes follows the experiences of young Frankie and his family as they try against all odds to escape the poverty endemic in the slums of pre-war Limerick. The film opens with the family in Brooklyn, but following the death of one of Frankie's siblings, they return home, only to find the situation there even worse. Prejudice against Frankie's Northern Irish father makes his search for employment in the Republic difficult despite his having fought for the IRA, and when he does find money, he spends the money on drink.
Title: Cat People | Genres: horror | Overview: After years of separation, Irina and her minister brother, Paul, reunite in New Orleans in this erotic tale of the supernatural. When zoologists capture a wild panther, Irina is drawn to the cat -- and the zoo curator is drawn to her. Soon, Irina's brother will have to reveal the family secret: that when sexually aroused, they turn into predatory jungle cats.
Title: Minutemen | Genres: family, tv movie, comedy, science fiction, adventure | Overview: When three high-school friends invent a time-machine, they decide to use it to go back in time and prevent other youngsters from making humiliating mistakes.
Title: Prom Night | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: This slasher movie follows a relentless killer who is out to avenge the death of a young girl who died after being bullied and teased by four of her classmates. Now high-school students, the guilt-ridden kids have kept their involvement a secret, but when they start being murdered, one by one, it's clear that someone knows the truth. Also coping with the past are members of the dead girl's family, most notably her prom-queen sister, Kim Hammond (Jamie Lee Curtis).
Title: Sorry if I Love You | Genres: comedy | Overview: Alex Belli is a 37 year old advertising executive whose fiancée Elena has just left him, and who is having difficulty at work trying to think of a good advertising campaign for a new Japanese product. Niki is a bubbly 17 year old student. She has three best friends with whom she shares all her problems, and an annoying ex-boyfriend Fabio who is set on getting her back, but Niki's not interested. One day on his way to work, Alex collides with Niki on a city street. They soon begin a romance, despite their 20-year age gap.
Title: The D Train | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: With his 20th reunion looming, Dan can’t shake his high school insecurities. In a misguided mission to prove he’s changed, Dan rekindles a friendship with the popular guy from his class and is left scrambling to protect more than just his reputation when a wild night takes an unexpected turn.
Title: Laid to Rest | Genres: thriller, horror | Overview: A terrifying story of a young girl who wakes up in a casket with a traumatic head injury and no memory of her identity. She quickly realizes she was abducted by a Deranged Serial Murderer and in an isolated rural town she must survive the night and outsmart the technologically inclined killer who is hellbent on finishing what he started.
Title: The Making of Saw | Genres: documentary, horror | Overview: A documentary behind the making of the movie Saw (2004).
Title: Hush... Hush, Sweet Charlotte | Genres: drama, horror, mystery | Overview: An aging, reclusive Southern belle plagued by a horrifying family secret descends into madness after the arrival of a lost relative.
Title: Belle and Sebastian | Genres: adventure | Overview: Belle and Sebastian is set high in the snowy Alps during the Second World War. The resourceful Sebastian is a lonely boy who tames and befriends a giant, wild mountain dog, Belle – even though the villagers believe her to be ‘the beast’ that has been killing their sheep.
Title: Goodbye Berlin | Genres: drama, comedy | Overview: While his mother is in rehab and his father is on a 'business trip' with his assistant, 14-year-old outsider Maik is spending the summer holidays bored and alone at his parents' villa, when rebellious teenager Tschick appears. Tschick, a Russian immigrant and an outcast, steals a car and decides to set off on a journey away from Berlin with Maik tagging along for the ride. So begins a wild adventure where the two experience the trip of a lifetime and share a summer that they will never forget.
Title: The Express | Genres: drama | Overview: Based on the incredible true story, The Express follows the inspirational life of college football hero Ernie Davis, the first African-American to win the Heisman Trophy.
Title: Arthur | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: Arthur is a thirty-year-old child who will inherit 750 million dollars if he complies with his family's demands and marries the woman of their choosing.
Title: One Night at McCool's | Genres: comedy, crime | Overview: Every man has a different recollection of the beautiful young woman who wreaked havoc on their lives during one heated night.
Title: Poms | Genres: comedy, drama | Overview: A woman moves into a retirement community and starts a cheerleading squad with her fellow residents.
Title: The Conformist | Genres: drama | Overview: A weak-willed Italian man becomes a fascist flunky who goes abroad to arrange the assassination of his old teacher, now a political dissident.
Title: The Ottoman Lieutenant | Genres: romance, drama, war | Overview: Lillie, a determined American woman, ventures overseas to join Dr. Jude at a remote medical mission in the Ottoman Empire (now Turkey). However, Lillie soon finds herself at odds with Jude and the mission’s founder, Woodruff, when she falls for the titular military man, Ismail, just as the war is about to erupt.
Title: Blind | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A novelist is blinded in a car crash that killed his wife and several years later rediscovers his passion for life and writing when he embarks on an affair with the neglected wife of an indicted businessman.
Title: One True Thing | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A career woman reassesses her parents' lives after she is forced to care for her cancer-stricken mother.
Title: TINA | Genres: documentary, music | Overview: Tina Turner overcame impossible odds to become one of the first female African American artists to reach a mainstream international audience. Her road to superstardom is an undeniable story of triumph over adversity. It’s the ultimate story of survival – and an inspirational story of our times.
"Title: Rashomon | Genres: crime, drama, mystery | Overview: Brimming with action while incisively examining the nature of truth, ""Rashomon"" is perhaps the finest film ever to investigate the philosophy of justice. Through an ingenious use of camera and flashbacks, Kurosawa reveals the complexities of human nature as four people recount different versions of the story of a man's murder and the rape of his wife."
Title: The Return | Genres: horror, drama, thriller | Overview: Joanna Mills has a successful career but feels her personal life is spinning out of control. She has few friends, an estranged father, and a crazy ex-boyfriend who is stalking her. Joanna begins having terrifying visions of a woman's murder, and it seems that she is the killer's next target. Determined to solve the mystery and escape her apparent fate, Joanna follows her visions to the victim's hometown and finds that some secrets just do not stay buried.
Title: The Vanishing | Genres: thriller, drama, mystery, horror | Overview: The boyfriend of an abducted woman never gives up the search as the abductor looks on.
Title: Captain Blood | Genres: adventure, action, history, romance | Overview: Dr. Peter Blood, unjustly convicted of treason and exiled from England, becomes a notorious pirate.
Title: Appointment with Death | Genres: thriller, crime, mystery, drama | Overview: Emily Boynton, stepmother to three children, blackmails the family lawyer into destroying a second will of her late husband that would have freed the children from her dominating influence. She takes herself, the children and her daughter-in-law on holiday to Europe and the Holy Land. At a dig, Emily is found dead and Hercule Poirot investigates.
Title: Outpost | Genres: action, adventure, horror | Overview: In a seedy bar in a town ravaged by war, scientist and businessman Hunt hires mercenary and former Royal Marine D.C. to assemble a crack team of ex-soldiers to protect him on a dangerous journey into no-man's land. Their mission is to scope out an old military bunker in Eastern Europe. It should be easy – 48 hours at the most. Lots of cash for little risk. Or so he says...
Title: Edge of Fear | Genres: action, thriller | Overview: After being stabbed in the heart by ruthless home invaders, a man is left for dead. Now weak, outnumbered, and knife sticking from his chest, he attempts to do the impossible: save his wife from these murderers before he bleeds to death.
Title: Dutch | Genres: comedy | Overview: To get to know his girlfriend's son, a man volunteers to pick him up from a prep school....only to learn that her son's not the nicest kid.
"Title: Lupin the 3rd | Genres: action, adventure, comedy | Overview: Interpol Inspector Zenigata begins a world-wide hunt for the infamous thief Lupin The 3rd. But together, they face a powerful enemy and form the Lupin team in response. The Lupin team then faces the challenge of retrieving the ""Crimson Heart of Cleopatra"" locked away in a fort like safe. The treasure is thought to allow its owner to control the world."
Title: Thomas and the Magic Railroad | Genres: animation, drama, family | Overview: Mr. Conductor's supply of magic gold dust, which allows him to travel between Shining Time and Thomas's island, is critically low. Unfortunately, he doesn't know how to get more. Meanwhile, Thomas is fending off attacks by the nasty diesel engines. Getting more gold dust will require help from Mr. C's slacker cousin, his new friend Lily and her morose grandfather, plus the secret engine.
"Title: The Mexican | Genres: action, comedy, crime, romance | Overview: Jerry Welbach, a reluctant bagman, has been given two ultimatums: The first is from his mob boss to travel to Mexico and retrieve a priceless antique pistol, known as ""the Mexican""... or suffer the consequences. The second is from his girlfriend Samantha to end his association with the mob. Jerry figures alive and in trouble with Samantha is better than the more permanent alternative, so he heads south of the border."
Title: Sharknado 5: Global Swarming | Genres: action, comedy, science fiction, tv movie, adventure | Overview: Fin and his wife April travel around the world to save their young son who's trapped inside a sharknado.
Title: The Young and Prodigious T.S. Spivet | Genres: adventure, drama, family | Overview: A 12-year-old cartographer secretly leaves his family's ranch in Montana where he lives with his cowboy father and scientist mother and travels across the country on board a freight train to receive an award at the Smithsonian Institute.
Title: Body of Lies | Genres: action, drama, thriller | Overview: The CIA’s hunt is on for the mastermind of a wave of terrorist attacks. Roger Ferris is the agency’s man on the ground, moving from place to place, scrambling to stay ahead of ever-shifting events. An eye in the sky – a satellite link – watches Ferris. At the other end of that real-time link is the CIA’s Ed Hoffman, strategizing events from thousands of miles away. And as Ferris nears the target, he discovers trust can be just as dangerous as it is necessary for survival.
Title: The Score | Genres: action, crime, thriller, mystery | Overview: An aging thief hopes to retire and live off his ill-gotten wealth when a young kid convinces him into doing one last heist.
Title: People Like Us | Genres: drama | Overview: After flying home to L.A. for the funeral of his estranged record-producer father, a struggling man discovers that the will stipulates that he must deliver $150,000 in cash to a 30-year-old alcoholic sister he never knew existed, and her troubled 12-year-old son.
"Title: Alexander the Great | Genres: action, adventure, drama, history, war | Overview: He was a fierce military commander who led huge armies into battle without a single defeat; a magnificent warrior who many believed was part god - this was Alexander the Great (Richard Burton), the legendary Greek hero hailed by his countrymen as ""The King of Kings"". Born in 356 B.C. into a turbulent world of political unrest, educated by Aristotle (Barry Jones) and chosen to lead his people in the grand tradition of his powerful father (Fredric March), this glamorous world conqueror rose above all conflict to unite the continents of Europe and Asia to become one of the most celebrated rulers of all time! Written, produced and directed by Oscar - winner Robert Rossen and featuring the extraordinary Claire Bloom and a remarkable cast of thousands, this stunning portrait of one of history's most fascinating figures is colossal entertainment and an amazing spectacle."
Title: Arctic Predator | Genres: action, science fiction, thriller | Overview: A team searching for a long-lost ship in the Arctic unwittingly unleash an alien creature that looks like it's made of ice.
Title: For Love of the Game | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: A baseball legend almost finished with his distinguished career at the age of forty has one last chance to prove who he is, what he is capable of, and win the heart of the woman he has loved for the past four years.
Title: The 9th Life of Louis Drax | Genres: fantasy, mystery, thriller, drama | Overview: A psychologist who begins working with a young boy who has suffered a near-fatal fall finds himself drawn into a mystery that tests the boundaries of fantasy and reality.
Title: Black Narcissus | Genres: drama | Overview: A group of Anglican nuns, led by Sister Clodagh, are sent to a mountain in the Himalayas. The climate in the region is hostile and the nuns are housed in an odd old palace. They work to establish a school and a hospital, but slowly their focus shifts. Sister Ruth falls for a government worker, Mr. Dean, and begins to question her vow of celibacy. As Sister Ruth obsesses over Mr. Dean, Sister Clodagh becomes immersed in her own memories of love.
"Title: Moonwalker | Genres: fantasy, music | Overview: A movie that starts out with the ""Man in the Mirror"" music video, it then changes to a montage of video clips of Michael's career. Next comes a parody of his Bad video by children, and then Michael is chased by fans in a fantasy sequence. 2 more videos are shown, and then a movie in which Michael plays a hero with magical powers. In it he is chased by drug dealer Mr. Big and saves three children. Videos included in the movie are ""Smooth Criminal"" and ""Come Together""."
Title: Our Souls at Night | Genres: romance, drama | Overview: Addie Moore and Louis Waters, a widow and widower, have lived next to each other for years. The pair have almost no relationship, but that all changes when Addie tries to make a connection with her neighbour.
Title: In Secret | Genres: drama, thriller, crime | Overview: In 1860s Paris, a young woman, Therese, is trapped in a loveless marriage to the sickly Camille by her domineering aunt, Madame Raquin. She spends her days behind the counter of a small shop and her evenings watching Madame play dominos with an eclectic group. After she meets her husband’s alluring friend, Laurent, she embarks on an illicit affair that leads to tragic consequences. Based on Emile Zola’s novel, Thérèse Raquin.
Title: The Deaths of Ian Stone | Genres: horror, thriller | Overview: Deaths tells the story of an all-American guy who is murdered each day by horrifying pursuers, only to wake up in slightly different lives to experience the terror of being murdered again.
Title: To Die For | Genres: drama, comedy, crime | Overview: Suzanne Stone wants to be a world-famous news anchor and she is willing to do anything to get what she wants. What she lacks in intelligence, she makes up for in cold determination and diabolical wiles. As she pursues her goal with relentless focus, she is forced to destroy anything and anyone that may stand in her way, regardless of the ultimate cost or means necessary.
Title: My Love, My Bride | Genres: comedy, romance | Overview: Young Min and Mi Young are young couple who get married after graduating from college. Following the honeymoon period, they begin to bicker with each other. While waiting for her husband at a cafe one day, Mi Young bumps into her ex-boss. Young Min sees this and gets the wrong idea. As they struggle to make their marriage work, Young Min and Mi Young gradually understand what love really is.
Title: Take Shelter | Genres: thriller, drama, horror | Overview: Plagued by a series of apocalyptic visions, a young husband and father questions whether to shelter his family from a coming storm, or from himself.
Title: Reds | Genres: drama, history, romance | Overview: An account of the revolutionary years of the legendary American journalist John Reed, who shared his adventurous professional life with his radical commitment to the socialist revolution in Russia, his dream of spreading its principles among the members of the American working class, and his troubled romantic relationship with the writer Louise Bryant.
Title: American Gigolo | Genres: crime, drama, romance, thriller, mystery | Overview: Julian makes a lucrative living as an escort to older women in the Los Angeles area. He begins a relationship with Michelle, a local politician's wife, without expecting any pay. One of his clients is murdered and Detective Sunday begins pumping him for details on his different clients, something he is reluctant to do considering the nature of his work. Julian begins to suspect he's being framed. Meanwhile Michelle begins to fall in love with him.
Title: Dead Man's Shoes | Genres: drama, thriller, crime | Overview: A soldier returns home to his small town and exacts a deadly revenge on the thugs who tormented his dimwitted brother while he was away.
Title: Autumn Dreams | Genres: comedy, tv movie, romance | Overview: With plans to leave their small town, teenage loves Annie and Ben elope. Their big city plans are halted, though, when Annie's parents have the marriage annulled. Ben moves to New York, while Annie stays in Iowa to help her family. Fifteen years later, both engaged to their respective fiancés, the two discover that their annulment was never finalized. They reunite to make their divorce legal, but begin to reminisce about what could have been. When romantic feelings resurface, Annie and Ben must decide if their past love could be the love of their future.
Title: Black Sunday | Genres: horror | Overview: A vengeful witch and her fiendish servant return from the grave and begin a bloody campaign to possess the body of the witch's beautiful look-alike descendant. Only the girl's brother and a handsome doctor stand in her way.
Title: The Fortune Cookie | Genres: romance, comedy | Overview: A cameraman is knocked over during a football game. His brother-in-law, as the king of the ambulance-chasing lawyers, starts a suit while he's still knocked out. The cameraman is against it until he hears that his ex-wife will be coming to see him. He pretends to be injured to get her back, but also sees what the strain is doing to the football player who injured him.
Title: Jules and Jim | Genres: drama, romance | Overview: In the carefree days before World War I, introverted Austrian author Jules strikes up a friendship with the exuberant Frenchman Jim. Both men fall for the impulsive and beautiful Catherine, but it's Jules who wins her hand. After the war, Jim visits Jules, Catherine and their daughter in their Austrian home and discovers not only that his feelings for Catherine are unchanged, but also that they're reciprocated.
Title: Viva l'Italia | Genres: comedy | Overview: The story of a leading political man, suddenly telling “all the truth” after a serious illness and therefore overwhelming lifes of anyone surrounding him…
Title: Prayers for Bobby | Genres: drama, history, tv movie | Overview: Bobby Griffith was his mother's favorite son, the perfect all-American boy growing up under deeply religious influences in Walnut Creek, California. Bobby was also gay. Struggling with a conflict no one knew of, much less understood, Bobby finally came out to his family.
Title: Earth vs. the Flying Saucers | Genres: action, science fiction | Overview: Test space rockets exploding at liftoff and increased reporting of UFO sightings culminate in a direct attempt by alien survivors of a dead, extra-galactic civilization to invade Earth from impervious flying saucers, using ray-weapons of mass destruction.
Title: The Quietude | Genres: thriller, drama | Overview: Against the backdrop of a military dictatorship, Eugenia is reunited with her estranged family following her father’s stroke and is forced to confront dark secret.
Title: Life or Something Like It | Genres: comedy, drama, romance | Overview: A reporter Lanie Kerrigan interviews a psychic homeless man for a fluff piece about a football game's score. Instead he tells her that her life has no meaning and is going to end in just a few days, which sparks her to action, trying to change the pattern of her life...
Title: Ashby | Genres: drama, romance, comedy | Overview: When new kid in town Ed Wallis is given an assignment to interview an older person, he turns to his mysterious neighbor, Ashby Holt for help. That new connection leads to unexpected journeys for both of them, as Ashby – who turns out to be a retired CIA assassin – deals with a terminal prognosis, and Ed deals with adjusting to life with his newly single mom and developing relationship with a brainy classmate, Eloise.
Title: The Kite Runner | Genres: drama | Overview: After spending years in California, Amir returns to his homeland in Afghanistan to help his old friend Hassan, whose son is in trouble.
Title: Impetigore | Genres: horror, thriller, mystery | Overview: A woman inherits a house in her ancestral village, but she's unaware that members of the community have been trying to locate and kill her to remove the curse that has plagued them for years.
Title: The Atticus Institute | Genres: horror | Overview: In the early 1970s, Dr. Henry West creates an institute to find people with supernatural abilities. When Judith Winstead comes to the facility, she exhibits amazing abilities that the military wants to turn into a weapon.
Title: I'm in Love With My Little Sister | Genres: romance, animation, drama | Overview: Yori and his twin sister Iku used to be very close as children but lately Yori has grown colder toward Iku and is always eager to stay away from her. Iku was confused by Yori's attitude. Actually Yori is in love with Iku and that forbidden love is causing Yori sleepless nights since Yori and Iku are sharing the same room with bunk beds. Yori tried to ease his intense desire for Iku by bedding Iku's best friend. He had even applied to attend a boarding school in another city to take him far away from Iku. Yori lost his resolve to stay quiet about his feelings when Iku started to talk about having a boyfriend and going on dates. Now Yori want to have his little sister and he confessed. Iku loves her big brother and wanted them to stay together, so Iku is willing to anything to keep them together. But Yori wanted to have Iku as a lover, not as a sister loyal to her twin.
Title: All Is Lost | Genres: action, adventure, drama | Overview: During a solo voyage in the Indian Ocean, a veteran mariner awakes to find his vessel taking on water after a collision with a stray shipping container. With his radio and navigation equipment disabled, he sails unknowingly into a violent storm and barely escapes with his life. With any luck, the ocean currents may carry him into a shipping lane -- but, with supplies dwindling and the sharks circling, the sailor is forced to face his own mortality.
Title: Amateur Porn Star Killer 2 | Genres: crime, horror | Overview: Shane Ryan's sequel to the disturbing Amateur Porn Star Killer is a brutal calling card to all those who were enraged by its predecessor (and there were many). Ryan is a force to be reckoned with, and he's not letting up any time soon. The victim here isn't a young girl. This one doesn't just go quietly, either. She fights back. She knows she's in trouble, but she mistakenly thinks she can get away. In other movies, she would escape and somber music would play as the credits creep up the screen. The audience would leave the theatre satisfied that the bad guy got what he deserved. They would go home feeling safe. Ryan doesn't let anyone have such notions. He shows things as they really are. This is what a killer would film. This is how it would look, and if you didn't know any better, you'd swear it was real. (And you still can't be totally sure it's not.)
Title: Unlawful Entry | Genres: crime, thriller, mystery | Overview: After a break-in at their house, a couple gets help from one of the cops that answered their call. He helps them install the security system, and begins dropping by on short notice and unofficial patrol, and spends a lot of time discussing the couple's problems with the wife. The husband begins wondering if they're getting too much help.
"Title: The Little Prince | Genres: science fiction, fantasy, family, music | Overview: Based on the story by Antoine deSaint-Exupery, this magical musical fable begins as a pilot (Richard Kiley) makes a forced landing on the barren Sahara Desert. He is befriended by a ""little"" prince from the planet Asteroid B-612. In the days that follow, the pilot learns of the small boy's history and planet-hopping journeys in which he met a King, a businessman, an historian, and a general. It isn't until he comes to Earth that the Little Prince learns the secrets of the importance of life from a Fox (Gene Wilder), a Snake (Bob Fosse), and the pilot."
Title: Badlands | Genres: drama, crime | Overview: A dramatization of the Starkweather-Fugate killing spree of the 1950s, in which a teenage girl and her twenty-something boyfriend slaughtered her entire family and several others in the Dakota badlands.
Title: Violent Delights | Genres: horror | Overview: A female vampire falls in love with a man she met in a bar. A male vampire invites a pregnant woman and her friends to watch his theatre play. These two vampires are husband and wife.
Title: The Offering | Genres: mystery, thriller, horror | Overview: When young and successful reporter Jamie finds out that her sister has died in mysterious circumstances, she travels to Singapore to uncover the truth. There, she discovers multiple deaths linked to her sister's and must join forces with her sister's husband in order to defeat a demonic entity that is using new technology to complete an ancient mission.
"Title: The United States vs. Billie Holiday | Genres: music, drama, history | Overview: Billie Holiday spent much of her career being adored by fans. In the 1940s, the government targeted Holiday in a growing effort to racialize the war on drugs, ultimately aiming to stop her from singing her controversial ballad, ""Strange Fruit."""
Title: Threads | Genres: war, drama, science fiction | Overview: Documentary style account of a nuclear holocaust and its effect on the working class city of Sheffield, England; and the eventual long run effects of nuclear war on civilization.
